Psalm 1:1  Blessed is the man that hath not walked in the counsel of the ungodly, nor stood in the way of sinners: and hath not sat in the seat of the scornful.
Psalm 1:2  But his delight is in the law of the Lord: and in his law will he exercise himself day and night.
Psalm 1:3  And he shall be like a tree planted by the water-side: that will bring forth his fruit in due season. His leaf also shall not wither: and look, whatsoever he doeth, it shall prosper.
Psalm 1:4  As for the ungodly, it is not so with them: but they are like the chaff, which the wind scattereth away from the face of the earth.
Psalm 1:5  Therefore the ungodly shall not be able to stand in the judgement: neither the sinners in the congregation of the righteous.
Psalm 1:6  But the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous: and the way of the ungodly shall perish.
Psalm 2:1  Why do the heathen so furiously rage together: and why do the people imagine a vain thing?
Psalm 2:2  The kings of the earth stand up, and the rulers take counsel together: against the Lord, and against his Anointed.
Psalm 2:3  Let us break their bonds asunder: and cast away their cords from us.
Psalm 2:4  He that dwelleth in heaven shall laugh them to scorn: the Lord shall have them in derision.
Psalm 2:5  Then shall he speak unto them in his wrath: and vex them in his sore displeasure.
Psalm 2:6  Yet have I set my King: upon my holy hill of Sion.
Psalm 2:7  I will preach the law, whereof the Lord hath said unto me: Thou art my Son, this day have I begotten thee.
Psalm 2:8  Desire of me, and I shall give thee the heathen for thine inheritance: and the utmost parts of the earth for thy possession.
Psalm 2:9  Thou shalt bruise them with a rod of iron: and break them in pieces like a potter's vessel.
Psalm 2:10  Be wise now therefore, O ye kings: be learned, ye that are judges of the earth.
Psalm 2:11  Serve the Lord in fear: and rejoice unto him with reverence.
Psalm 2:12  Kiss the Son, lest he be angry, and so ye perish from the right way: if his wrath be kindled, (yea, but a little,) blessed are all they that put their trust in him.
Psalm 3:1  Lord, how are they increased that trouble me: many are they that rise against me.
Psalm 3:2  Many one there be that say of my soul: There is no help for him in his God.
Psalm 3:3  But thou, O Lord, art my defender: thou art my worship, and the lifter up of my head.
Psalm 3:4  I did call upon the Lord with my voice: and he heard me out of his holy hill.
Psalm 3:5  I laid me down and slept, and rose up again: for the Lord sustained me.
Psalm 3:6  I will not be afraid for ten thousands of the people: that have set themselves against me round about.
Psalm 3:7  Up, Lord, and help me, O my God: for thou smitest all mine enemies upon the cheek-bone; thou hast broken the teeth of the ungodly.
Psalm 3:8  Salvation belongeth unto the Lord: and thy blessing is upon thy people.
Psalm 4:1  Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast set me at liberty when I was in trouble; have mercy upon me, and hearken unto my prayer.
Psalm 4:2  O ye sons of men, how long will ye blaspheme mine honour: and have such pleasure in vanity, and seek after leasing?
Psalm 4:3  Know this also, that the Lord hath chosen to himself the man that is godly: when I call upon the Lord, he will hear me.
Psalm 4:4  Stand in awe, and sin not: commune with your own heart, and in your chamber, and be still.
Psalm 4:5  Offer the sacrifice of righteousness: and put your trust in the Lord.
Psalm 4:6  There be many that say: Who will shew us any good? Lord, lift thou up: the light of thy countenance upon us.
Psalm 4:7  Thou hast put gladness in my heart: since the time that their corn and wine and oil increased.
Psalm 4:8  I will lay me down in peace, and take my rest: for it is thou, Lord, only, that makest me dwell in safety.
Psalm 5:1  Ponder my words, O Lord: consider my meditation.
Psalm 5:2  O hearken thou unto the voice of my calling, my King, and my God: for unto thee will I make my prayer.
Psalm 5:3  My voice shalt thou hear betimes, O Lord: early in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee, and will look up.
Psalm 5:4  For thou art the God that hast no pleasure in wickedness: neither shall any evil dwell with thee.
Psalm 5:5  Such as be foolish shall not stand in thy sight: for thou hatest all them that work vanity.
Psalm 5:6  Thou shalt destroy them that speak leasing: the Lord will abhor both the blood-thirsty and deceitful man.
Psalm 5:7  But as for me, I will come into thine house, even upon the multitude of thy mercy: and in thy fear will I worship toward thy holy temple.
Psalm 5:8  Lead me, O Lord, in thy righteousness, because of mine enemies: make thy way plain before my face.
Psalm 5:9  For there is no faithfulness in his mouth: their inward parts are very wickedness. Their throat is an open sepulchre: they flatter with their tongue.
Psalm 5:10  Destroy thou them, O God; let them perish through their own imaginations: cast them out in the multitude of their ungodliness; for they have rebelled against thee.
Psalm 5:11  And let all them that put their trust in thee rejoice: they shall ever be giving of thanks, because thou defendest them; they that love thy Name shall be joyful in thee;
Psalm 5:12  For thou, Lord, wilt give thy blessing unto the righteous: and with thy favourable kindness wilt thou defend him as with a shield.
Psalm 6:1  O Lord, rebuke me not in thine indignation: neither chasten me in thy displeasure.
Psalm 6:2  Have mercy upon me, O Lord, for I am weak: Lord, heal me, for my bones are vexed.
Psalm 6:3  My soul also is sore troubled: but, Lord, how long wilt thou punish me?
Psalm 6:4  Turn thee, O Lord, and deliver my soul: O save me for thy mercy's sake.
Psalm 6:5  For in death no man remembereth thee: and who will give thee thanks in the pit?
Psalm 6:6  I am weary of my groaning; every night wash I my bed: and water my couch with my tears.
Psalm 6:7  My beauty is gone for very trouble: and worn away because of all mine enemies.
Psalm 6:8  Away from me, all ye that work vanity: for the Lord hath heard the voice of my weeping.
Psalm 6:9  The Lord hath heard my petition: the Lord will receive my prayer.
Psalm 6:10  All mine enemies shall be confounded, and sore vexed: they shall be turned back, and put to shame suddenly.
Psalm 7:1  O Lord my God, in thee have I put my trust: save me from all them that persecute me, and deliver me;
Psalm 7:2  Lest he devour my soul, like a lion, and tear it in pieces: while there is none to help.
Psalm 7:3  O Lord my God, if I have done any such thing: or if there be any wickedness in my hands;
Psalm 7:4  If I have rewarded evil unto him that dealt friendly with me: yea, I have delivered him that without any cause is mine enemy;
Psalm 7:5  Then let mine enemy persecute my soul, and take me: yea, let him tread my life down upon the earth, and lay mine honour in the dust.
Psalm 7:6  Stand up, O Lord, in thy wrath, and lift up thyself, because of the indignation of mine enemies: arise up for me in the judgement that thou hast commanded.
Psalm 7:7  And so shall the congregation of the people come about thee: for their sakes therefore lift up thyself again.
Psalm 7:8  The Lord shall judge the people; give sentence with me, O Lord: according to my righteousness, and according to the innocency that is in me.
Psalm 7:9  O let the wickedness of the ungodly come to an end: but guide thou the just. For the righteous God: trieth the very hearts and reins.
Psalm 7:10  My help cometh of God: who preserveth them that are true of heart.
Psalm 7:11  God is a righteous Judge, strong and patient: and God is provoked every day.
Psalm 7:12  If a man will not turn, he will whet his sword: he hath bent his bow, and made it ready.
Psalm 7:13  He hath prepared for him the instruments of death: he ordaineth his arrows against the persecutors.
Psalm 7:14  Behold, he travaileth with mischief: he hath conceived sorrow, and brought forth ungodliness.
Psalm 7:15  He hath graven and digged up a pit: and is fallen himself into the destruction that he made for other.
Psalm 7:16  For his travail shall come upon his own head: and his wickedness shall fall on his own pate.
Psalm 7:17  I will give thanks unto the Lord, according to his righteousness: and I will praise the Name of the Lord most High.
Psalm 8:1  O Lord our Governor, how excellent is thy Name in all the world: thou that hast set thy glory above the heavens!
Psalm 8:2  Out of the mouth of very babes and sucklings hast thou ordained strength, because of thine enemies: that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger.
Psalm 8:3  For I will consider thy heavens, even the works of thy fingers: the moon and the stars, which thou hast ordained.
Psalm 8:4  What is man, that thou art mindful of him: and the son of man, that thou visitest him?
Psalm 8:5  Thou madest him lower than the angels: to crown him with glory and worship.
Psalm 8:6  Thou makest him to have dominion of the works of thy hands: and thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet;
Psalm 8:7  All sheep and oxen: yea, and the beasts of the field;
Psalm 8:8  The fowls of the air, and the fishes of the sea: and whatsoever walketh through the paths of the seas.
Psalm 8:9  O Lord our Governor: how excellent is thy Name in all the world!
Psalm 9:1  I will give thanks unto thee, O Lord, with my whole heart: I will speak of all thy marvellous works.
Psalm 9:2  I will be glad and rejoice in thee: yea, my songs will I make of thy Name, O thou most Highest.
Psalm 9:3  While mine enemies are driven back: they shall fall and perish at thy presence.
Psalm 9:4  For thou hast maintained my right and my cause: thou art set in the throne that judgest right.
Psalm 9:5  Thou hast rebuked the heathen, and destroyed the ungodly: thou hast put out their name forever and ever.
Psalm 9:6  O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: even as the cities which thou hast destroyed, their memorial is perished with them.
Psalm 9:7  But the Lord shall endure for ever: he hath also prepared his seat for judgement.
Psalm 9:8  For he shall judge the world in righteousness: and minister true judgement unto the people.
Psalm 9:9  The Lord also will be a defence for the oppressed: even a refuge in due time of trouble.
Psalm 9:10  And they that know thy Name will put their trust in thee: for thou, Lord, hast never failed them that seek thee.
Psalm 9:11  O praise the Lord which dwelleth in Sion: shew the people of his doings.
Psalm 9:12  For when he maketh inquisition for blood, he remembereth them: and forgetteth not the complaint of the poor.
Psalm 9:13  Have mercy upon me, O Lord; consider the trouble which I suffer of them that hate me: thou that liftest me up from the gates of death.
Psalm 9:14  That I may shew all thy praises within the ports of the daughter of Sion: I will rejoice in thy salvation.
Psalm 9:15  The heathen are sunk down in the pit that they made: in the same net which they hid privily, is their foot taken.
Psalm 9:16  The Lord is known to execute judgement: the ungodly is trapped in the work of his own hands.
Psalm 9:17  The wicked shall be turned into hell: and all the people that forget God.
Psalm 9:18  For the poor shall not alway be forgotten: the patient abiding of the meek shall not perish for ever.
Psalm 9:19  Up, Lord, and let not man have the upper hand: let the heathen be judged in thy sight.
Psalm 9:20  Put them in fear, O Lord: that the heathen may know themselves to be but men.
Psalm 10:1  Why standest thou so far off, O Lord: and hidest thy face in the needful time of trouble?
Psalm 10:2  The ungodly for his own lust doth persecute the poor: let them be taken in the crafty wiliness that they have imagined.
Psalm 10:3  For the ungodly hath made boast of his own heart's desire: and speaketh good of the covetous, whom God abhorreth.
Psalm 10:4  The ungodly is so proud, that he careth not for God: neither is God in all his thoughts.
Psalm 10:5  His ways are alway grievous: thy judgements are far above out of his sight, and therefore defieth he all his enemies.
Psalm 10:6  For he hath said in his heart, Tush, I shall never be cast down: there shall no harm happen unto me.
Psalm 10:7  His mouth is full of cursing, deceit, and fraud: under his tongue is ungodliness and vanity.
Psalm 10:8  He sitteth lurking in the thievish corners of the streets: and privily in his lurking dens doth he murder the innocent; his eyes are set against the poor.
Psalm 10:9  For he lieth waiting secretly, even as a lion lurketh he in his den: that he may ravish the poor. He doth ravish the poor: when he getteth him into his net.
Psalm 10:10  He falleth down, and humbleth himself: that the congregation of the poor may fall into the hands of his captains.
Psalm 10:11  He hath said in his heart, Tush, God hath forgotten: he hideth away his face, and he will never see it.
Psalm 10:12  Arise, O Lord God, and lift up thine hand: forget not the poor.
Psalm 10:13  Wherefore should the wicked blaspheme God: while he doth say in his heart, Tush, thou God carest not for it.
Psalm 10:14  Surely thou hast seen it: for thou beholdest ungodliness and wrong. That thou mayest take the matter into thy hand: the poor committeth himself unto thee; for thou art the helper of the friendless.
Psalm 10:15  Break thou the power of the ungodly and malicious: take away his ungodliness, and thou shalt find none.
Psalm 10:16  The Lord is King for ever and ever: and the heathen are perished out of the land.
Psalm 10:17  Lord, thou hast heard the desire of the poor: thou preparest their heart, and thine ear hearkeneth thereto;
Psalm 10:18  To help the fatherless and poor unto their right: that the man of the earth be no more exalted against them.
Psalm 11:1  In the Lord put I my trust: how say ye then to my soul, that she should flee as a bird unto the hill?
Psalm 11:2  For lo, the ungodly bend their bow, and make ready their arrows within the quiver: that they may privily shoot at them which are true of heart.
Psalm 11:3  For the foundations will be cast down: and what hath the righteous done?
Psalm 11:4  The Lord is in his holy temple: the Lord's seat is in heaven. His eyes consider the poor: and his eye-lids try the children of men.
Psalm 11:5  The Lord alloweth the righteous: but the ungodly, and him that delighteth in wickedness, doth his soul abhor.
Psalm 11:6  Upon the ungodly he shall rain snares, fire and brimstone, storm and tempest: this shall be their portion to drink.
Psalm 11:7  For the righteous Lord loveth righteousness: his countenance will behold the thing that is just.
Psalm 12:1  Help me, Lord, for there is not one godly man left: for the faithful are minished from among the children of men.
Psalm 12:2  They talk of vanity every one with his neighbour: they do but flatter with their lips, and dissemble in their double heart.
Psalm 12:3  The Lord shall root out all deceitful lips: and the tongue that speaketh proud things;
Psalm 12:4  Which have said, With our tongue will we prevail: we are they that ought to speak, who is lord over us?
Psalm 12:5  Now for the comfortless trouble's sake of the needy: and because of the deep sighing of the poor, I will up, saith the Lord: and will help every one from him that swelleth against him, and will set him at rest.
Psalm 12:6  The words of the Lord are pure words: even as the silver, which from the earth is tried, and purified seven times in the fire.
Psalm 12:7  Thou shalt keep them, O Lord: thou shalt preserve him from this generation for ever.
Psalm 12:8  The ungodly walk on every side: when they are exalted, the children of men are put to rebuke.
Psalm 13:1  How long wilt thou forget me, O Lord, for ever: how long wilt thou hide thy face from me?
Psalm 13:2  How long shall I seek counsel in my soul, and be so vexed in my heart: how long shall mine enemies triumph over me?
Psalm 13:3  Consider, and hear me, O Lord my God: lighten mine eyes, that I sleep not in death.
Psalm 13:4  Lest mine enemy say, I have prevailed against him: for if I be cast down, they that trouble me will rejoice at it.
Psalm 13:5  But my trust is in thy mercy: and my heart is joyful in thy salvation.
Psalm 13:6  I will sing of the Lord, because he hath dealt so lovingly with me: yea, I will praise the Name of the Lord most Highest.
Psalm 14:1  The fool hath said in his heart: There is no God. They are corrupt, and become abominable in their doings: there is none that doeth good, no not one.
Psalm 14:2  The Lord looked down from heaven upon the children of men: to see if there were any that would understand, and seek after God.
Psalm 14:3  But they are all gone out of the way, they are altogether become abominable: there is none that doeth good, no not one. Their throat is an open sepulchre, with their tongues have they deceived: the poison of asps is under their lips. Their mouth is full of cursing and bitterness: their feet are swift to shed blood. Destruction and unhappiness is in their ways, and the way of peace have they not known: there is no fear of God before their eyes.
Psalm 14:4  Have they no knowledge, that they are all such workers of mischief: eating up my people as it were bread, and call not upon the Lord?
Psalm 14:5  There were they brought in great fear, even where no fear was: for God is in the generation of the righteous.
Psalm 14:6  As for you, ye have made a mock at the counsel of the poor: because he putteth his trust in the Lord.
Psalm 14:7  Who shall give salvation unto Israel out of Sion? When the Lord turneth the captivity of his people: then shall Jacob rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
Psalm 15:1  Lord, who shall dwell in thy tabernacle: or who shall rest upon thy holy hill?
Psalm 15:2  Even he that leadeth an uncorrupt life: and doeth the thing which is right, and speaketh the truth from his heart.
Psalm 15:3  He that hath used no deceit in his tongue, nor done evil to his neighbour: and hath not slandered his neighbour.
Psalm 15:4  He that setteth not by himself, but is lowly in his own eyes: and maketh much of them that fear the Lord. He that sweareth unto his neighbour, and disappointeth him not: though it were to his own hindrance.
Psalm 15:5  He that hath not given his money upon usury: nor taken reward against the innocent. Whoso doeth these things: shall never fall.
Psalm 16:1  Preserve me, O God: for in thee have I put my trust.
Psalm 16:2  O my soul, thou hast said unto the Lord: Thou art my God, my goods are nothing unto thee.
Psalm 16:3  All my delight is upon the saints, that are in the earth: and upon such as excel in virtue.
Psalm 16:4  But they that run after another god: shall have great trouble. Their drink-offerings of blood will I not offer: neither make mention of their names within my lips.
Psalm 16:5  The Lord himself is the portion of mine inheritance, and of my cup: thou shalt maintain my lot.
Psalm 16:6  The lot is fallen unto me in a fair ground: yea, I have a goodly heritage.
Psalm 16:7  I will thank the Lord for giving me warning: my reins also chasten me in the night-season.
Psalm 16:8  I have set God always before me: for he is on my right hand, therefore I shall not fall.
Psalm 16:9  Wherefore my heart was glad, and my glory rejoiced: my flesh also shall rest in hope.
Psalm 16:10  For why? thou shalt not leave my soul in hell: neither shalt thou suffer thy Holy One to see corruption.
Psalm 16:11  Thou shalt shew me the path of life; in thy presence is the fulness of joy: and at thy right hand there is pleasure for evermore.
Psalm 17:1  Hear the right, O Lord, consider my complaint: and hearken unto my prayer, that goeth not out of feigned lips.
Psalm 17:2  Let my sentence come forth from thy presence: and let thine eyes look upon the thing that is equal.
Psalm 17:3  Thou hast proved and visited mine heart in the night-season; thou hast tried me, and shalt find no wickedness in me: for I am utterly purposed that my mouth shall not offend.
Psalm 17:4  Because of men's works, that are done against the words of thy lips: I have kept me from the ways of the destroyer.
Psalm 17:5  O hold thou up my goings in thy paths: that my footsteps slip not.
Psalm 17:6  I have called upon thee, O God, for thou shalt hear me: incline thine ear to me, and hearken unto my words.
Psalm 17:7  Shew thy marvellous loving-kindness, thou that art the Saviour of them which put their trust in thee: from such as resist thy right hand.
Psalm 17:8  Keep me as the apple of an eye: hide me under the shadow of thy wings,
Psalm 17:9  From the ungodly that trouble me: mine enemies compass me round about to take away my soul.
Psalm 17:10  They are inclosed in their own fat: and their mouth speaketh proud things.
Psalm 17:11  They lie waiting in our way on every side: turning their eyes down to the ground;
Psalm 17:12  Like as a lion that is greedy of his prey: and as it were a lion's whelp, lurking in secret places.
Psalm 17:13  Up, Lord, disappoint him, and cast him down: deliver my soul from the ungodly, which is a sword of thine;
Psalm 17:14  From the men of thy hand, O Lord, from the men, I say, and from the evil world: which have their portion in this life, whose bellies thou fillest with thy hid treasure. They have children at their desire: and leave the rest of their substance for their babes.
Psalm 17:15  But as for me, I will behold thy presence in righteousness: and when I awake up after thy likeness, I shall be satisfied with it.
Psalm 18:1  I will love thee, O Lord, my strength;
Psalm 18:2  The Lord is my stony rock, and my defence: my Saviour, my God, and my might, in whom I will trust, my buckler, the horn also of my salvation, and my refuge.
Psalm 18:3  I will call upon the Lord, which is worthy to be praised: so shall I be safe from mine enemies.
Psalm 18:4  The sorrows of death compassed me: and the overflowings of ungodliness made me afraid.
Psalm 18:5  The pains of hell came about me: the snares of death overtook me.
Psalm 18:6  In my trouble I will call upon the Lord: and complain unto my God. So shall he hear my voice out of his holy temple: and my complaint shall come before him, it shall enter even into his ears.
Psalm 18:7  The earth trembled and quaked: the very foundations also of the hills shook, and were removed, because he was wroth.
Psalm 18:8  There went a smoke out in his presence: and a consuming fire out of his mouth, so that coals were kindled at it.
Psalm 18:9  He bowed the heavens also, and came down: and it was dark under his feet.
Psalm 18:10  He rode upon the cherubins, and did fly: he came flying upon the wings of the wind.
Psalm 18:11  He made darkness his secret place: his pavilion round about him, with dark water and thick clouds to cover him.
Psalm 18:12  At the brightness of his presence his clouds removed: hail-stones, and coals of fire.
Psalm 18:13  The Lord also thundered out of heaven, and the Highest gave his thunder: hail-stones, and coals of fire.
Psalm 18:14  He sent out his arrows, and scattered them: he cast forth lightnings, and destroyed them.
Psalm 18:15  The springs of waters were seen, and the foundations of the round world were discovered, at thy chiding, O Lord: at the blasting of the breath of thy displeasure.
Psalm 18:16  He shall send down from on high to fetch me: and shall take me out of many waters.
Psalm 18:17  He shall deliver me from my strongest enemy, and from them which hate me: for they are too mighty for me.
Psalm 18:18  They prevented me in the day of my trouble: but the Lord was my upholder.
Psalm 18:19  He brought me forth also into a place of liberty: he brought me forth, even because he had a favour unto me.
Psalm 18:20  The Lord shall reward me after my righteous dealing: according to the cleanness of my hands shall he recompense me.
Psalm 18:21  Because I have kept the ways of the Lord: and have not forsaken my God, as the wicked doth.
Psalm 18:22  For I have an eye unto all his laws: and will not cast out his commandments from me.
Psalm 18:23  I was also uncorrupt before him: and eschewed mine own wickedness.
Psalm 18:24  Therefore shall the Lord reward me after my righteous dealing: and according unto the cleanness of my hands in his eye-sight.
Psalm 18:25  With the holy thou shalt be holy: and with a perfect man thou shalt be perfect.
Psalm 18:26  With the clean thou shalt be clean: and with the froward thou shalt learn frowardness.
Psalm 18:27  For thou shalt save the people that are in adversity: and shalt bring down the high looks of the proud.
Psalm 18:28  Thou also shalt light my candle: the Lord my God shall make my darkness to be light.
Psalm 18:29  For in thee I shall discomfit an host of men: and with the help of my God I shall leap over the wall.
Psalm 18:30  The way of God is an undefiled way: the word of the Lord also is tried in the fire; he is the defender of all them that put their trust in him.
Psalm 18:31  For who is God, but the Lord: or who hath any strength, except our God?
Psalm 18:32  It is God, that girdeth me with strength of war: and maketh my way perfect.
Psalm 18:33  He maketh my feet like harts feet: and setteth me up on high.
Psalm 18:34  He teacheth mine hands to fight: and mine arms shall break even a bow of steel.
Psalm 18:35  Thou hast given me the defence of thy salvation: thy right hand also shall hold me up, and thy loving correction shall make me great.
Psalm 18:36  Thou shalt make room enough under me for to go: that my footsteps shall not slide.
Psalm 18:37  I will follow upon mine enemies, and overtake them: neither will I turn again till I have destroyed them.
Psalm 18:38  I will smite them, that they shall not be able to stand: but fall under my feet.
Psalm 18:39  Thou hast girded me with strength unto the battle: thou shalt throw down mine enemies under me.
Psalm 18:40  Thou hast made mine enemies also to turn their backs upon me: and I shall destroy them that hate me.
Psalm 18:41  They shall cry, but there shall be none to help them: yea, even unto the Lord shall they cry, but he shall not hear them.
Psalm 18:42  I will beat them as small as the dust before the wind: I will cast them out as the clay in the streets.
Psalm 18:43  Thou shalt deliver me from the strivings of the people: and thou shalt make me the head of the heathen. A people whom I have not known: shall serve me.
Psalm 18:44  As soon as they hear of me, they shall obey me: but the strange children shall dissemble with me.
Psalm 18:45  The strange children shall fail: and be afraid out of their prisons.
Psalm 18:46  The Lord liveth, and blessed be my strong helper: and praised be the God of my salvation;
Psalm 18:47  Even the God that seeth that I be avenged: and subdueth the people unto me.
Psalm 18:48  It is he that delivereth me from my cruel enemies, and setteth me up above mine adversaries:  thou shalt rid me from the wicked man.
Psalm 18:49  For this cause will I give thanks unto thee, O Lord, among the Gentiles: and sing praises unto thy Name.
Psalm 18:50  Great prosperity giveth he unto his King: and sheweth loving-kindness unto David his Anointed, and unto his seed for evermore.
Psalm 19:1  The heavens declare the glory of God: and the firmament sheweth his handywork.
Psalm 19:2  One day telleth another: and one night certifieth another.
Psalm 19:3  There is neither speech nor language: but their voices are heard among them.
Psalm 19:4  Their sound is gone out into all lands: and their words into the ends of the world. In them hath he set a tabernacle for the sun:
Psalm 19:5  Which cometh forth as a bridegroom out of his chamber, and rejoiceth as a giant to run his course.
Psalm 19:6  It goeth forth from the uttermost part of the heaven, and runneth about unto the end of it again: and there is nothing hid from the heat thereof.
Psalm 19:7  The law of the Lord is an undefiled law, converting the soul: the testimony of the Lord is sure, and giveth wisdom unto the simple.
Psalm 19:8  The statutes of the Lord are right, and rejoice the heart: the commandment of the Lord is pure, and giveth light unto the eyes.
Psalm 19:9  The fear of the Lord is clean, and endureth for ever: the judgements of the Lord are true, and righteous altogether.
Psalm 19:10  More to be desired are they than gold, yea, than much fine gold: sweeter also than honey, and the honey-comb.
Psalm 19:11  Moreover, by them is thy servant taught: and in keeping of them there is great reward.
Psalm 19:12  Who can tell how oft he offendeth: O cleanse thou me from my secret faults.
Psalm 19:13  Keep thy servant also from presumptuous sins, lest they get the dominion over me: so shall I be undefiled, and innocent from the great offence.
Psalm 19:14  Let the words of my mouth, and the meditation of my heart: be alway acceptable in thy sight, O Lord: my strength, and my redeemer.
Psalm 20:1  The Lord hear thee in the day of trouble: the Name of the God of Jacob defend thee;
Psalm 20:2  Send thee help from the sanctuary: and strengthen thee out of Sion;
Psalm 20:3  Remember all thy offerings: and accept thy burnt-sacrifice;
Psalm 20:4  Grant thee thy heart's desire: and fulfil all thy mind.
Psalm 20:5  We will rejoice in thy salvation, and triumph in the Name of the Lord our God: the Lord perform all thy petitions.
Psalm 20:6  Now know I that the Lord helpeth his Anointed, and will hear him from his holy heaven: even with the wholesome strength of his right hand.
Psalm 20:7  Some put their trust in chariots, and some in horses: but we will remember the Name of the Lord our God.
Psalm 20:8  They are brought down, and fallen: but we are risen, and stand upright.
Psalm 20:9  Save, Lord, and hear us, O King of heaven; when we call upon thee.
Psalm 21:1  The King shall rejoice in thy strength, O Lord: exceeding glad shall he be of thy salvation.
Psalm 21:2  Thou hast given him his heart's desire: and hast not denied him the request of his lips.
Psalm 21:3  For thou shalt prevent him with the blessings of goodness: and shalt set a crown of pure gold upon his head.
Psalm 21:4  He asked life of thee, and thou gavest him a long life: even for ever and ever.
Psalm 21:5  His honour is great in thy salvation: glory and great worship shalt thou lay upon him.
Psalm 21:6  For thou shalt give him everlasting felicity: and make him glad with the joy of thy countenance.
Psalm 21:7  And why? because the King putteth his trust in the Lord: and in the mercy of the most Highest he shall not miscarry.
Psalm 21:8  All thine enemies shall feel thine hand: thy right hand shall find out them that hate thee.
Psalm 21:9  Thou shalt make them like a fiery oven in time of thy wrath: the Lord shall destroy them in his displeasure, and the fire shall consume them.
Psalm 21:10  Their fruit shalt thou root out of the earth: and their seed from among the children of men.
Psalm 21:11  For they intended mischief against thee: and imagined such a device as they are not able to perform.
Psalm 21:12  Therefore shalt thou put them to flight: and the strings of thy bow shalt thou make ready against the face of them.
Psalm 21:13  Be thou exalted, Lord, in thine own strength: so will we sing, and praise thy power.
Psalm 22:1  O my God, my God, look upon me; why hast  thou forsaken me: and art so far from my health, and from the words of my complaint?
Psalm 22:2  O my God, I cry in the day-time, but thou hearest not: and in the night-season also I take no rest.
Psalm 22:3  And thou continuest holy: O thou worship of Israel.
Psalm 22:4  Our fathers hoped in thee: they trusted in thee, and thou didst deliver them.
Psalm 22:5  They called upon thee, and were holpen: they put their trust in thee, and were not confounded.
Psalm 22:6  But as for me, I am a worm, and no man: a very scorn of men, and the outcast of the people.
Psalm 22:7  All they that see me laugh me to scorn: they shoot out their lips, and shake their heads, saying,
Psalm 22:8  He trusted in God, that he would deliver him: let him deliver him, if he will have him.
Psalm 22:9  But thou art he that took me out of my mother's womb: thou wast my hope, when I hanged yet upon my mother's breasts.
Psalm 22:10  I have been left unto thee ever since I was born: thou art my God, even from my mother's womb.
Psalm 22:11  O go not from me, for trouble is hard at hand: and there is none to help me.
Psalm 22:12  Many oxen are come about me: fat bulls of Basan close me in on every side.
Psalm 22:13  They gape upon me with their mouths: as it were a ramping and a roaring lion.
Psalm 22:14  I am poured out like water, and all my bones are out of joint: my heart also in the midst of my body is even like melting wax.
Psalm 22:15  My strength is dried up like a potsherd, and my tongue cleaveth to my gums: and thou shalt bring me into the dust of death.
Psalm 22:16  For many dogs are come about me: and the council of the wicked layeth siege against me. They pierced my hands and my feet;
Psalm 22:17  I may tell all my bones: they stand staring and looking upon me.
Psalm 22:18  They part my garments among them: and cast lots upon my vesture.
Psalm 22:19  But be not thou far from me, O Lord: thou art my succour, haste thee to help me.
Psalm 22:20  Deliver my soul from the sword: my darling from the power of the dog.
Psalm 22:21  Save me from the lion's mouth: thou hast heard me also from among the horns of the unicorns.
Psalm 22:22  I will declare thy Name unto my brethren: in the midst of the congregation will I praise thee.
Psalm 22:23  O praise the Lord, ye that fear him: magnify him, all ye of the seed of Jacob, and fear him, all ye seed of Israel;
Psalm 22:24  For he hath not despised, nor abhorred, the low estate of the poor: he hath not hid his face from him, but when he called unto him he heard him.
Psalm 22:25  My praise is of thee in the great congregation: my vows will I perform in the sight of them that fear him.
Psalm 22:26  The poor shall eat and be satisfied: they that seek after the Lord shall praise him; your heart shall live for ever.
Psalm 22:27  All the ends of the world shall remember themselves, and be turned unto the Lord: and all the kindreds of the nations shall worship before him.
Psalm 22:28  For the kingdom is the Lord's: and he is the Governor among the people.
Psalm 22:29  All such as be fat upon earth: have eaten and worshipped. All they that go down into the dust shall kneel before him: and no man hath quickened his own soul.
Psalm 22:30  My seed shall serve him: they shall be counted unto the Lord for a generation.
Psalm 22:31  They shall come, and the heavens shall declare his righteousness: unto a people that shall be born, whom the Lord hath made.
Psalm 23:1  The Lord is my shepherd: therefore can I lack nothing.
Psalm 23:2  He shall feed me in a green pasture: and lead me forth beside the waters of comfort.
Psalm 23:3  He shall convert my soul: and bring me forth in the paths of righteousness, for his Name's sake.
Psalm 23:4  Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff comfort me.
Psalm 23:5  Thou shalt prepare a table before me against them that trouble me: thou hast anointed my head with oil, and my cup shall be full.
Psalm 23:6  But thy loving-kindness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the Lord for ever.
Psalm 24:1  The earth is the Lord's, and all that therein is: the compass of the world, and they that dwell therein.
Psalm 24:2  For he hath founded it upon the seas: and prepared it upon the floods.
Psalm 24:3  Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord: or who shall rise up in his holy place?
Psalm 24:4  Even he that hath clean hands, and a pure heart: and that hath not lift up his mind unto vanity, nor sworn to deceive his neighbour.
Psalm 24:5  He shall receive the blessing from the Lord: and righteousness from the God of his salvation.
Psalm 24:6  This is the generation of them that seek him: even of them that seek thy face, O Jacob.
Psalm 24:7  Lift up your heads, O ye gates, and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors: and the King of glory shall come in.
Psalm 24:8  Who is the King of glory: it is the Lord strong and mighty, even the Lord mighty in battle.
Psalm 24:9  Lift up your heads, O ye gates, and be ye lift up, ye everlasting doors: and the King of glory shall come in.
Psalm 24:10  Who is the King of glory: even the Lord of hosts, he is the King of glory.
Psalm 25:1  Unto thee, O Lord, will I lift up my soul;
Psalm 25:2  My God, I have put my trust in thee: O let me not be confounded, neither let mine enemies triumph over me.
Psalm 25:3  For all they that hope in thee shall not be ashamed: but such as transgress without a cause shall be put to confusion.
Psalm 25:4  Shew me thy ways, O Lord: and teach me thy paths.
Psalm 25:5  Lead me forth in thy truth, and learn me: for thou art the God of my salvation; in thee hath been my hope all the day long.
Psalm 25:6  Call to remembrance, O Lord, thy tender mercies: and thy loving-kindnesses, which have been ever of old.
Psalm 25:7  O remember not the sins and offences of my youth: but according to thy mercy think thou upon me, O Lord, for thy goodness.
Psalm 25:8  Gracious and righteous is the Lord: therefore will he teach sinners in the way.
Psalm 25:9  Them that are meek shall he guide in judgement: and such as are gentle, them shall he learn his way.
Psalm 25:10  All the paths of the Lord are mercy and truth: unto such as keep his covenant and his testimonies.
Psalm 25:11  For thy Name's sake, O Lord: be merciful unto my sin, for it is great.
Psalm 25:12  What man is he that feareth the Lord: him shall he teach in the way that he shall choose.
Psalm 25:13  His soul shall dwell at ease: and his seed shall inherit the land.
Psalm 25:14  The secret of the Lord is among them that fear him: and he will shew them his covenant.
Psalm 25:15  Mine eyes are ever looking unto the Lord: for he shall pluck my feet out of the net.
Psalm 25:16  Turn thee unto me, and have mercy upon me: for I am desolate and in misery.
Psalm 25:17  The sorrows of my heart are enlarged: O bring thou me out of my troubles.
Psalm 25:18  Look upon my adversity and misery: and forgive me all my sin.
Psalm 25:19  Consider mine enemies, how many they are: and they bear a tyrannous hate against me.
Psalm 25:20  O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be confounded, for I have put my trust in thee.
Psalm 25:21  Let perfectness and righteous dealing wait upon me: for my hope hath been in thee.
Psalm 25:22  Deliver Israel, O God: out of all his troubles.
Psalm 26:1  Be thou my Judge, O Lord, for I have walked innocently: my trust hath been also in the Lord, therefore shall I not fall.
Psalm 26:2  Examine me, O Lord, and prove me: try out my reins and my heart.
Psalm 26:3  For thy loving-kindness is ever before mine eyes: and I will walk in thy truth.
Psalm 26:4  I have not dwelt with vain persons: neither will I have fellowship with the deceitful.
Psalm 26:5  I have hated the congregation of the wicked: and will not sit among the ungodly.
Psalm 26:6  I will wash my hands in innocency, O Lord: and so will I go to thine altar;
Psalm 26:7  That I may shew the voice of thanksgiving: and tell of all thy wondrous works.
Psalm 26:8  Lord, I have loved the habitation of thy house: and the place where thine honour dwelleth.
Psalm 26:9  O shut not up my soul with the sinners: nor my life with the blood-thirsty;
Psalm 26:10  In whose hands is wickedness: and their right hand is full of gifts.
Psalm 26:11  But as for me, I will walk innocently: O deliver me, and be merciful unto me.
Psalm 26:12  My foot standeth right: I will praise the Lord in the congregations.
Psalm 27:1  he Lord is my light and my salvation; whom I then shall I fear: the Lord is the strength of my life; of whom then shall I be afraid?
Psalm 27:2  When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh: they stumbled and fell.
Psalm 27:3  Though an host of men were laid against me, yet shall not my heart be afraid: and though there rose up war against me, yet will I put my trust in him.
Psalm 27:4  One thing have I desired of the Lord, which I will require: even that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the fair beauty of the Lord, and to visit his temple.
Psalm 27:5  For in the time of trouble he shall hide me in his tabernacle: yea, in the secret place of his dwelling shall he hide me, and set me up upon a rock of stone.
Psalm 27:6  And now shall he lift up mine head: above mine enemies round about me. Therefore will I offer in his dwelling an oblation with great gladness: I will sing, and speak praises unto the Lord.
Psalm 27:7  Hearken unto my voice, O Lord, when I cry unto thee: have mercy upon me, and hear me.
Psalm 27:8  My heart hath talked of thee, Seek ye my face: Thy face, Lord, will I seek.
Psalm 27:9  O hide not thou thy face from me: nor cast thy servant away in displeasure. Thou hast been my succour: leave me not, neither forsake me, O God of my salvation,
Psalm 27:10  When my father and my mother forsake me: the Lord taketh me up.
Psalm 27:11  Teach me thy way, O Lord: and lead me in the right way, because of mine enemies.
Psalm 27:12  Deliver me not over into the will of mine adversaries: for there are false witnesses risen up against me, and such as speak wrong.
Psalm 27:13  I should utterly have fainted: but that I believe verily to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living.
Psalm 27:14  O tarry thou the Lord's leisure: be strong, and he shall comfort thine heart; and put thou thy trust in the Lord.
Psalm 28:1  Unto thee will I cry, O Lord my strength:  think no scorn of me; lest, if thou make as though thou hearest not, I become like them that go down into the pit.
Psalm 28:2  Hear the voice of my humble petitions, when I cry unto thee: when I hold up my hands towards the mercy-seat of thy holy temple.
Psalm 28:3  O pluck me not away, neither destroy me, with the ungodly and wicked doers: which speak friendly to their neighbours, but imagine mischief in their hearts.
Psalm 28:4  Reward them according to their deeds: and according to the wickedness of their own inventions. Recompense them after the work of their hands: pay them that they have deserved.
Psalm 28:5  For they regard not in their mind the works of the Lord, nor the operation of his hands: therefore shall he break them down, and not build them up.
Psalm 28:6  Praised be the Lord: for he hath heard the voice of my humble petitions.
Psalm 28:7  The Lord is my strength and my shield; my heart hath trusted in him, and I am helped: therefore my heart danceth for joy, and in my song will I praise him.
Psalm 28:8  The Lord is my strength: and he is the wholesome defence of his Anointed.
Psalm 28:9  O save thy people, and give thy blessing unto thine inheritance: feed them, and set them up for ever.
Psalm 29:1  Bring unto the Lord, O ye mighty, bring young rams unto the Lord: ascribe unto the Lord worship and strength.
Psalm 29:2  Give the Lord the honour due unto his Name: worship the Lord with holy worship.
Psalm 29:3  It is the Lord that commandeth the waters: it is the glorious God that maketh the thunder. It is the Lord that ruleth the sea;
Psalm 29:4  The voice of the Lord is mighty in operation: the voice of the Lord is a glorious voice.
Psalm 29:5  The voice of the Lord breaketh the cedar-trees: yea, the Lord breaketh the cedars of Libanus.
Psalm 29:6  He maketh them also to skip like a calf: Libanus also, and Sirion, like a young unicorn.
Psalm 29:7  The voice of the Lord divideth the flames of fire;
Psalm 29:8  The voice of the Lord shaketh the wilderness: yea, the Lord shaketh the wilderness of Cades.
Psalm 29:9  The voice of the Lord maketh the hinds to bring forth young, and discovereth the thick bushes: in his temple doth every man speak of his honour.
Psalm 29:10  The Lord sitteth above the water-flood: and the Lord remaineth a King for ever.
Psalm 29:11  The Lord shall give strength unto his people: the Lord shall give his people the blessing of peace.
Psalm 30:1  I will magnify thee, O Lord, for thou hast set me up: and not made my foes to triumph over me.
Psalm 30:2  O Lord my God, I cried unto thee: and thou hast healed me.
Psalm 30:3  Thou, Lord, hast brought my soul out of hell: thou hast kept my life from them that go down to the pit.
Psalm 30:4  Sing praises unto the Lord, O ye saints of his: and give thanks unto him for a remembrance of his holiness.
Psalm 30:5  For his wrath endureth but the twinkling of an eye, and in his pleasure is life: heaviness may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.
Psalm 30:6  And in my prosperity I said, I shall never be removed:
Psalm 30:7  Thou, Lord, of thy goodness hast made my hill so strong. Thou didst turn thy face from me: and I was troubled.
Psalm 30:8  Then cried I unto thee, O Lord: and gat me to my Lord right humbly.
Psalm 30:9  What profit is there in my blood: when I go down to the pit? Shall the dust give thanks unto thee: or shall it declare thy truth?
Psalm 30:10  Hear, O Lord, and have mercy upon me: Lord, be thou my helper.
Psalm 30:11  Thou hast turned my heaviness into joy: thou hast put off my sackcloth, and girded me with gladness.
Psalm 30:12  Therefore shall every good man sing of thy praise without ceasing: O my God, I will give thanks unto thee for ever.
Psalm 31:1  In thee, O Lord, have I put my trust: let me never be put to confusion, deliver me in thy righteousness.
Psalm 31:2  Bow down thine ear to me: make haste to deliver me. And be thou my strong rock, and house of defence: that thou mayest save me.
Psalm 31:3  For thou art my strong rock, and my castle: be thou also my guide, and lead me for thy Name's sake.
Psalm 31:4  Draw me out of the net that they have laid privily for me: for thou art my strength.
Psalm 31:5  Into thy hands I commend my spirit: for thou hast redeemed me, O Lord, thou God of truth.
Psalm 31:6  I have hated them that hold of superstitious vanities: and my trust hath been in the Lord.
Psalm 31:7  I will be glad and rejoice in thy mercy: for thou hast considered my trouble, and hast known my soul in adversities.
Psalm 31:8  Thou hast not shut me up into the hand of the enemy: but hast set my feet in a large room.
Psalm 31:9  Have mercy upon me, O Lord, for I am in trouble: and mine eye is consumed for very heaviness; yea, my soul and my body.
Psalm 31:10  For my life is waxen old with heaviness: and my years with mourning. My strength faileth me, because of mine iniquity: and my bones are consumed.
Psalm 31:11  I became a reproof among all mine enemies, but especially among my neighbours: and they of mine acquaintance were afraid of me; and they that did see me without conveyed themselves from me.
Psalm 31:12  I am clean forgotten, as a dead man out of mind: I am become like a broken vessel.
Psalm 31:13  For I have heard the blasphemy of the multitude: and fear is on every side, while they conspire together against me, and take their counsel to take away my life.
Psalm 31:14  But my hope hath been in thee, O Lord: I have said, Thou art my God.
Psalm 31:15  My time is in thy hand, deliver me from the hand of mine enemies: and from them that persecute me.
Psalm 31:16  Shew thy servant the light of thy countenance: and save me for thy mercy's sake.
Psalm 31:17  Let me not be confounded, O Lord, for I have called upon thee: let the ungodly be put to confusion, and be put to silence in the grave.
Psalm 31:18  Let the lying lips be put to silence: which cruelly, disdainfully, and despitefully, speak against the righteous.
Psalm 31:19  O how plentiful is thy goodness, which thou hast laid up for them that fear thee: and that thou hast prepared for them that put their trust in thee, even before the sons of men!
Psalm 31:20  Thou shalt hide them privily by thine own presence from the provoking of all men: thou shalt keep them secretly in thy tabernacle from the strife of tongues.
Psalm 31:21  Thanks be to the Lord: for he hath shewed me marvellous great kindness in a strong city.
Psalm 31:22  And when I made haste, I said: I am cast out of the sight of thine eyes. Nevertheless, thou heardest the voice of my prayer: when I cried unto thee.
Psalm 31:23  O love the Lord, all ye his saints: for the Lord preserveth them that are faithful, and plenteously rewardeth the proud doer.
Psalm 31:24  Be strong, and he shall establish your heart: all ye that put your trust in the Lord.
Psalm 32:1  Blessed is he whose unrighteousness is forgiven: and whose sin is covered.
Psalm 32:2  Blessed is the man unto whom the Lord imputeth no sin: and in whose spirit there is no guile.
Psalm 32:3  For while I held my tongue: my bones consumed away through my daily complaining.
Psalm 32:4  For thy hand is heavy upon me day and night: and my moisture is like the drought in summer.
Psalm 32:5  I will acknowledge my sin unto thee: and mine unrighteousness have I not hid. I said, I will confess my sins unto the Lord: and so thou forgavest the wickedness of my sin.
Psalm 32:6  For this shall every one that is godly make his prayer unto thee, in a time when thou mayest be found: but in the great water-floods they shall not come nigh him.
Psalm 32:7  Thou art a place to hide me in, thou shalt preserve me from trouble: thou shalt compass me about with songs of deliverance.
Psalm 32:8  I will inform thee, and teach thee in the way wherein thou shalt go: and I will guide thee with mine eye.
Psalm 32:0  Be ye not like to horse and mule, which have no understanding: whose mouths must be held with bit and bridle, lest they fall upon thee.
Psalm 32:10  Great plagues remain for the ungodly: but whoso putteth his trust in the Lord, mercy embraceth him on every side.
Psalm 32:11  Be glad, O ye righteous, and rejoice in the Lord: and be joyful, all ye that are true of heart.
Psalm 33:1  Rejoice in the Lord, O ye righteous: for it becometh well the just to be thankful.
Psalm 33:2  Praise the Lord with harp: sing praises unto him with the lute, and instrument of ten strings.
Psalm 33:3  Sing unto the Lord a new song: sing praises lustily unto him with a good courage.
Psalm 33:4  For the word of the Lord is true: and all his works are faithful.
Psalm 33:5  He loveth righteousness, and judgement: the earth is full of the goodness of the Lord.
Psalm 33:6  By the word of the Lord were the heavens made: and all the hosts of them by the breath of his mouth.
Psalm 33:7  He gathereth the waters of the sea together, as it were upon an heap: and layeth up the deep, as in a treasure-house.
Psalm 33:8  Let all the earth fear the Lord: stand in awe of him, all ye that dwell in the world.
Psalm 33:9  For he spake, and it was done: he commanded, and it stood fast.
Psalm 33:10  The Lord bringeth the counsel of the heathen to nought: and maketh the devices of the people to be of none effect, and casteth out the counsels of princes.
Psalm 33:11  The counsel of the Lord shall endure for ever: and the thoughts of his heart from generation to generation.
Psalm 33:12  Blessed are the people, whose God is the Lord Jehovah: and blessed are the folk, that he hath chosen to him, to be his inheritance.
Psalm 33:13  The Lord looked down from heaven, and beheld all the children of men:
Psalm 33:14  From the habitation of his dwelling he considereth all them that dwell on the earth.
Psalm 33:15  He fashioneth all the hearts of them: and understandeth all their works.
Psalm 33:16  There is no king that can be saved by the multitude of an host: neither is any mighty man delivered by much strength.
Psalm 33:17  A horse is counted but a vain thing to save a man: neither shall he deliver any man by his great strength.
Psalm 33:18  Behold, the eye of the Lord is upon them that fear him: and upon them that put their trust in his mercy;
Psalm 33:19  To deliver their soul from death: and to feed them in the time of dearth.
Psalm 33:20  Our soul hath patiently tarried for the Lord: for he is our help and our shield.
Psalm 33:21  For our heart shall rejoice in him: because we have hoped in his holy Name.
Psalm 33:22  Let thy merciful kindness, O Lord, be upon us: like as we do put our trust in thee.
Psalm 34:1  I will alway give thanks unto the Lord: his praise shall ever be in my mouth.
Psalm 34:2  My soul shall make her boast in the Lord: the humble shall hear thereof, and be glad.
Psalm 34:3  O praise the Lord with me: and let us magnify his Name together.
Psalm 34:4  I sought the Lord, and he heard me: yea, he delivered me out of all my fear.
Psalm 34:5  They had an eye unto him, and were lightened: and their faces were not ashamed.
Psalm 34:6  Lo, the poor crieth, and the Lord heareth him: yea, and saveth him out of all his troubles.
Psalm 34:7  The angel of the Lord tarrieth round about them that fear him: and delivereth them.
Psalm 34:8  O taste, and see, how gracious the Lord is: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
Psalm 34:9  O fear the Lord, ye that are his saints: for they that fear him lack nothing.
Psalm 34:10  The lions do lack, and suffer hunger: but they who seek the Lord shall want no manner of thing that is good.
Psalm 34:11  Come, ye children, and hearken unto me: I will teach you the fear of the Lord.
Psalm 34:12  What man is he that lusteth to live: and would fain see good days?
Psalm 34:13  Keep thy tongue from evil: and thy lips, that they speak no guile.
Psalm 34:14  Eschew evil, and do good: seek peace, and ensue it.
Psalm 34:15  The eyes of the Lord are over the righteous: and his ears are open unto their prayers.
Psalm 34:16  The countenance of the Lord is against them that do evil: to root out the remembrance of them from the earth.
Psalm 34:17  The righteous cry, and the Lord heareth them: and delivereth them out of all their troubles.
Psalm 34:18  The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a contrite heart: and will save such as be of an humble spirit.
Psalm 34:19  Great are the troubles of the righteous: but the Lord delivereth him out of all.
Psalm 34:20  He keepeth all his bones: so that not one of them is broken.
Psalm 34:21  But misfortune shall slay the ungodly: and they that hate the righteous shall be desolate.
Psalm 34:22  The Lord delivereth the souls of his servants: and all they that put their trust in him shall not be destitute.
Psalm 35:1  Plead thou my cause, O Lord, with them that strive with me: and fight thou against them that fight against me.
Psalm 35:2  Lay hand upon the shield and buckler: and stand up to help me.
Psalm 35:3  Bring forth the spear, and stop the way against them that persecute me: say unto my soul, I am thy salvation.
Psalm 35:4  Let them be confounded and put to shame, that seek after my soul: let them be turned back and brought to confusion, that imagine mischief for me.
Psalm 35:5  Let them be as the dust before the wind: and the angel of the Lord scattering them.
Psalm 35:6  Let their way be dark and slippery: and let the angel of the Lord persecute them.
Psalm 35:7  For they have privily laid their net to destroy me without a cause: yea, even without a cause have they made a pit for my soul.
Psalm 35:8  Let a sudden destruction come upon him unawares, and his net, that he hath laid privily, catch himself: that he may fall into his own mischief.
Psalm 35:9  And, my soul, be joyful in the Lord: it shall rejoice in his salvation.
Psalm 35:10  All my bones shall say, Lord, who is like unto thee, who deliverest the poor from him that is too strong for him: yea, the poor, and him that is in misery, from him that spoileth him?
Psalm 35:11  False witnesses did rise up: they laid to my charge things that I knew not.
Psalm 35:12  They rewarded me evil for good: to the great discomfort of my soul.
Psalm 35:13  Nevertheless, when they were sick, I put on sackcloth, and humbled my soul with fasting: and my prayer shall turn into mine own bosom.
Psalm 35:14  I behaved myself as though it had been my friend or my brother: I went heavily, as one that mourneth for his mother.
Psalm 35:15  But in mine adversity they rejoiced, and gathered themselves together: yea, the very abjects came together against me unawares, making mouths at me, and ceased not.
Psalm 35:16  With the flatterers were busy mockers: who gnashed upon me with their teeth.
Psalm 35:17  Lord, how long wilt thou look upon this: O deliver my soul from the calamities which they bring on me, and my darling from the lions.
Psalm 35:18  So will I give thee thanks in the great congregation: I will praise thee among much people.
Psalm 35:19  O let not them that are mine enemies triumph over me ungodly: neither let them wink with their eyes that hate me without a cause.
Psalm 35:20  And why? their communing is not for peace: but they imagine deceitful words against them that are quiet in the land.
Psalm 35:21  They gaped upon me with their mouths, and said: Fie on thee, fie on thee, we saw it with our eyes.
Psalm 35:22  This thou hast seen, O Lord: hold not thy tongue then, go not far from me, O Lord.
Psalm 35:23  Awake, and stand up to judge my quarrel: avenge thou my cause, my God, and my Lord.
Psalm 35:24  Judge me, O Lord my God, according to thy righteousness: and let them not triumph over me.
Psalm 35:25  Let them not say in their hearts, There, there, so would we have it: neither let them say, We have devoured him.
Psalm 35:26  Let them be put to confusion and shame together, that rejoice at my trouble: let them be clothed with rebuke and dishonour, that boast themselves against me.
Psalm 35:27  Let them be glad and rejoice, that favour my righteous dealing: yea, let them say alway, Blessed be the Lord, who hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servant.
Psalm 35:28  And as for my tongue, it shall be talking of thy righteousness: and of thy praise all the day long.
Psalm 36:1  My heart sheweth me the wickedness of the ungodly: that there is no fear of God before his eyes.
Psalm 36:2  For he flattereth himself in his own sight: until his abominable sin be found out.
Psalm 36:3  The words of his mouth are unrighteous, and full of deceit: he hath left off to behave himself wisely, and to do good.
Psalm 36:4  He imagineth mischief upon his bed, and hath set himself in no good way: neither doth he abhor any thing that is evil.
Psalm 36:5  Thy mercy, O Lord, reacheth unto the heavens: and thy faithfulness unto the clouds.
Psalm 36:6  Thy righteousness standeth like the strong mountains: thy judgements are like the great deep. Thou, Lord, shalt save both man and beast;
Psalm 36:7  How excellent is thy mercy, O God: and the children of men shall put their trust under the shadow of thy wings.
Psalm 36:8  They shall be satisfied with the plenteousness of thy house: and thou shalt give them drink of thy pleasures, as out of the river.
Psalm 36:9  For with thee is the well of life: and in thy light shall we see light.
Psalm 36:10  O continue forth thy loving-kindness unto them that know thee: and thy righteousness unto them that are true of heart.
Psalm 36:11  O let not the foot of pride come against me: and let not the hand of the ungodly cast me down.
Psalm 36:12  There are they fallen, all that work wickedness: they are cast down, and shall not be able to stand.
Psalm 37:1  Fret not thyself because of the ungodly: neither be thou envious against the evil-doers,
Psalm 37:2  For they shall soon be cut down like the grass: and be withered even as the green herb.
Psalm 37:3  Put thou thy trust in the Lord, and be doing good: dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed.
Psalm 37:4  Delight thou in the Lord: and he shall give thee thy heart's desire.
Psalm 37:5  Commit thy way unto the Lord, and put thy trust in him: and he shall bring it to pass.
Psalm 37:6  He shall make thy righteousness as clear as the light: and thy just dealing as the noon-day.
Psalm 37:7  Hold thee still in the Lord, and abide patiently upon him: but grieve not thyself at him whose way doth prosper, against the man that doeth after evil counsels.
Psalm 37:8  Leave off from wrath, and let go displeasure: fret not thyself, else shalt thou be moved to do evil.
Psalm 37:9  Wicked doers shall be rooted out: and they that patiently abide the Lord, those shall inherit the land.
Psalm 37:10  Yet a little while, and the ungodly shall be clean gone: thou shalt look after his place, and he shall be away.
Psalm 37:11  But the meek-spirited shall possess the earth: and shall be refreshed in the multitude of peace.
Psalm 37:12  The ungodly seeketh counsel against the just: and gnasheth upon him with his teeth.
Psalm 37:13  The Lord shall laugh him to scorn: for he hath seen that his day is coming.
Psalm 37:14  The ungodly have drawn out the sword, and have bent their bow: to cast down the poor and needy, and to slay such as are of a right conversation.
Psalm 37:15  Their sword shall go through their own heart: and their bow shall be broken.
Psalm 37:16  A small thing that the righteous hath: is better than great riches of the ungodly.
Psalm 37:17  For the arms of the ungodly shall be broken: and the Lord upholdeth the righteous.
Psalm 37:18  The Lord knoweth the days of the godly: and their inheritance shall endure for ever.
Psalm 37:19  They shall not be confounded in the perilous time: and in the days of dearth they shall have enough.
Psalm 37:20  As for the ungodly; they shall perish; and the enemies of the Lord shall consume as the fat of lambs: yea, even as the smoke shall they consume away.
Psalm 37:21  The ungodly borroweth, and payeth not again: but the righteous is merciful and liberal.
Psalm 37:22  Such as are blessed of God shall possess the land: and they that are cursed of him shall be rooted out.
Psalm 37:23  The Lord ordereth a good man's going: and maketh his way acceptable to himself.
Psalm 37:24  Though he fall, he shall not be cast away: for the Lord upholdeth him with his hand.
Psalm 37:25  I have been young, and now am old: and yet saw I never the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging their bread.
Psalm 37:26  The righteous is ever merciful, and lendeth: and his seed is blessed.
Psalm 37:27  Flee from evil, and do the thing that is good: and dwell for evermore.
Psalm 37:28  For the Lord loveth the thing that is right: he forsaketh not his that be godly, but they are preserved for ever. The unrighteous shall be punished: as for the seed of the ungodly, it shall be rooted out.
Psalm 37:29  The righteous shall inherit the land: and dwell therein for ever.
Psalm 37:30  The mouth of the righteous is exercised in wisdom: and his tongue will be talking of judgement.
Psalm 37:31  The law of his God is in his heart: and his goings shall not slide.
Psalm 37:32  The ungodly seeth the righteous: and seeketh occasion to slay him.
Psalm 37:33  The Lord will not leave him in his hand: nor condemn him when he is judged.
Psalm 37:34  Hope thou in the Lord, and keep his way, and he shall promote thee, that thou shalt possess the land: when the ungodly shall perish, thou shalt see it.
Psalm 37:35  I myself have seen the ungodly in great power: and flourishing like a green bay-tree.
Psalm 37:36  I went by, and lo, he was gone: I sought him, but his place could no where be found.
Psalm 37:37  Keep innocency, and take heed unto the thing that is right: for that shall bring a man peace at the last.
Psalm 37:38  As for the transgressors, they shall perish together: and the end of the ungodly is, they shall be rooted out at the last.
Psalm 37:39  But the salvation of the righteous cometh of the Lord: who is also their strength in the time of trouble.
Psalm 37:40  And the Lord shall stand by them, and save them: he shall deliver them from the ungodly, and shall save them, because they put their trust in him.
Psalm 38:1  Put me not to rebuke, O Lord, in thine anger: neither chasten me in thy heavy displeasure.
Psalm 38:2  For thine arrows stick fast in me: and thy hand presseth me sore.
Psalm 38:3  There is no health in my flesh, because of thy displeasure: neither is there any rest in my bones, by reason of my sin.
Psalm 38:4  For my wickednesses are gone over my head: and are like a sore burden, too heavy for me to bear.
Psalm 38:5  My wounds stink, and are corrupt: through my foolishness.
Psalm 38:6  I am brought into so great trouble and misery: that I go mourning all the day long.
Psalm 38:7  For my loins are filled with a sore disease: and there is no whole part in my body.
Psalm 38:8  I am feeble, and sore smitten: I have roared for the very disquietness of my heart.
Psalm 38:9  Lord, thou knowest all my desire: and my groaning is not hid from thee.
Psalm 38:10  My heart panteth, my strength hath failed me: and the light of mine eyes is gone from me.
Psalm 38:11  My lovers and my neighbours did stand looking upon my trouble: and my kinsmen stood afar off.
Psalm 38:12  They also that sought after my life laid snares for me: and they that went about to do me evil talked of wickedness, and imagined deceit all the day long.
Psalm 38:13  As for me, I was like a deaf man, and heard not: and as one that is dumb, who doth not open his mouth.
Psalm 38:14  I became even as a man that heareth not: and in whose mouth are no reproofs.
Psalm 38:15  For in thee, O Lord, have I put my trust: thou shalt answer for me, O Lord my God.
Psalm 38:16  I have required that they, even mine enemies, should not triumph over me: for when my foot slipped, they rejoiced greatly against me.
Psalm 38:17  And I, truly, am set in the plague: and my heaviness is ever in my sight.
Psalm 38:18  For I will confess my wickedness: and be sorry for my sin.
Psalm 38:19  But mine enemies live, and are mighty: and they that hate me wrongfully are many in number.
Psalm 38:20  They also that reward evil for good are against me: because I follow the thing that good is.
Psalm 38:21  Forsake me not, O Lord my God: be not thou far from me.
Psalm 38:22  Haste thee to help me: O Lord God of my salvation.
Psalm 39:1  I said, I will take heed to my ways: that I offend not in my tongue. I will keep my mouth as it were with a bridle: while the ungodly is in my sight.
Psalm 39:2  I held my tongue, and spake nothing: I kept silence, yea, even from good words; but it was pain and grief to me.
Psalm 39:3  My heart was hot within me, and while I was thus musing the fire kindled: and at the last I spake with my tongue;
Psalm 39:4  Lord, let me know mine end, and the number of my days: that I may be certified how long I have to live.
Psalm 39:5  Behold, thou hast made my days as it were a span long: and mine age is even as nothing in respect of thee; and verily every man living is altogether vanity.
Psalm 39:6  For man walketh in a vain shadow, and disquieteth himself in vain: he heapeth up riches, and cannot tell who shall gather them.
Psalm 39:7  And now, Lord, what is my hope: truly my hope is even in thee.
Psalm 39:8  Deliver me from all mine offences: and make me not a rebuke unto the foolish.
Psalm 39:9  I became dumb, and opened not my mouth: for it was thy doing.
Psalm 39:10  Take thy plague away from me: I am even consumed by the means of thy heavy hand.
Psalm 39:11  When thou with rebukes dost chasten man for sin, thou makest his beauty to consume away, like as it were a moth fretting a garment: every man therefore is but vanity.
Psalm 39:12  Hear my prayer, O Lord, and with thine ears consider my calling: hold not thy peace at my tears. For I am a stranger with thee: and a sojourner, as all my fathers were.
Psalm 39:13  O spare me a little, that I may recover my strength: before I go hence, and be no more seen.
Psalm 40:1  I waited patiently for the Lord: and he inclined unto me, and heard my calling.
Psalm 40:2  He brought me also out of the horrible pit, out of the mire and clay: and set my feet upon the rock, and ordered my goings.
Psalm 40:3  And he hath put a new song in my mouth: even a thanksgiving unto our God. Many shall see it, and fear: and shall put their trust in the Lord.
Psalm 40:4  Blessed is the man that hath set his hope in the Lord: and turned not unto the proud, and to such as go about with lies.
Psalm 40:5  O Lord my God, great are the wondrous works which thou hast done, like as be also thy thoughts which are to us-ward: and yet there is no man that ordereth them unto thee. If I should declare them, and speak of them: they should be more than I am able to express.
Psalm 40:6  Sacrifice and meat-offering thou wouldest not: but mine ears hast thou opened. Burnt-offerings, and sacrifice for sin, hast thou not required:
Psalm 40:7  Then said I, Lo, I come, in the volume of the book it is written of me,
Psalm 40:8  That I should fulfil thy will, O my God: I am content to do it; yea, thy law is within my heart.
Psalm 40:9  I have declared thy righteousness in the great congregation: lo, I will not refrain my lips, Lord, and that thou knowest.
Psalm 40:10  I have not hid thy righteousness within my heart: my talk hath been of thy truth and of thy salvation. I have not kept back thy loving mercy and truth: from the great congregation.
Psalm 40:11  Withdraw not thou thy mercy from me, O Lord: let thy loving-kindness and thy truth alway preserve me.
Psalm 40:12  For innumerable troubles are come about me; my sins have taken such hold upon me that I am not able to look up: yea, they are more in number than the hairs of my head, and my heart hath failed me.
Psalm 40:13  O Lord, let it be thy pleasure to deliver me: make haste, O Lord, to help me.
Psalm 40:14  Let them be ashamed and confounded together, that seek after my soul to destroy it: let them be driven backward and put to rebuke, that wish me evil.
Psalm 40:15  Let them be desolate, and rewarded with shame: that say unto me, Fie upon thee, fie upon thee.
Psalm 40:16  Let all those that seek thee be joyful and glad in thee: and let such as love thy salvation say alway, The Lord be praised.
Psalm 40:17  As for me, I am poor and needy: but the Lord careth for me. Thou art my helper and redeemer: make no long tarrying, O my God.
Psalm 41:1  Blessed is he that considereth the poor and needy: the Lord shall deliver him in the time of trouble.
Psalm 41:2  The Lord preserve him, and keep him alive, that he may be blessed upon earth: and deliver not thou him into the will of his enemies.
Psalm 41:3  The Lord comfort him, when he lieth sick upon his bed: make thou all his bed in his sickness.
Psalm 41:4  I said, Lord, be merciful unto me: heal my soul, for I have sinned against thee.
Psalm 41:5  Mine enemies speak evil of me: When shall he die, and his name perish?
Psalm 41:6  And if he come to see me, he speaketh vanity: and his heart conceiveth falsehood within himself, and when he cometh forth he telleth it.
Psalm 41:7  All mine enemies whisper together against me: even against me do they imagine this evil.
Psalm 41:8  Let the sentence of guiltiness proceed against him: and now that he lieth, let him rise up no more.
Psalm 41:9  Yea, even mine own familiar friend, whom I trusted: who did also eat of my bread, hath laid great wait for me.
Psalm 41:10  But be thou merciful unto me, O Lord: raise thou me up again, and I shall reward them.
Psalm 41:11  By this I know thou favourest me: that mine enemy doth not triumph against me.
Psalm 41:12  And when I am in my health, thou upholdest me: and shalt set me before thy face for ever.
Psalm 41:13  Blessed be the Lord God of Israel: world without end. Amen.
Psalm 42:1  Like as the hart desireth the water-brooks: so longeth my soul after thee, O God.
Psalm 42:2  My soul is athirst for God, yea, even for the living God: when shall I come to appear before the presence of God?
Psalm 42:3  My tears have been my meat day and night: while they daily say unto me, Where is now thy God?
Psalm 42:4  Now when I think thereupon, I pour out my heart by myself: for I went with the multitude, and brought them forth into the house of God; In the voice of praise and thanksgiving: among such as keep holy-day.
Psalm 42:5  Why art thou so full of heaviness, O my soul: and why art thou so disquieted within me? Put thy trust in God: for I will yet give him thanks for the help of his countenance.
Psalm 42:6  My God, my soul is vexed within me: therefore will I remember thee concerning the land of Jordan, and the little hill of Hermon.
Psalm 42:7  One deep calleth another, because of the noise of thy water-pipes: all thy waves and storms are gone over me.
Psalm 42:8  The Lord hath granted his loving-kindness in the day-time: and in the night-season did I sing of him, and made my prayer unto the God of my life.
Psalm 42:9  I will say unto the God of my strength, Why hast thou forgotten me: why go I thus heavily, while the enemy oppresseth me?
Psalm 42:10  My bones are smitten asunder as with a sword: while mine enemies that trouble me cast me in the teeth; Namely, while they say daily unto me: Where is now thy God?
Psalm 42:11  Why art thou so vexed, O my soul: and why art thou so disquieted within me? O put thy trust in God: for I will yet thank him, which is the help of my countenance, and my God.
Psalm 43:1  Give sentence with me, O God, and defend my cause against the ungodly people: O deliver me from the deceitful and wicked man.
Psalm 43:2  For thou art the God of my strength, why hast thou put me from thee: and why go I so heavily, while the enemy oppresseth me?
Psalm 43:3  O send out thy light and thy truth, that they may lead me: and bring me unto thy holy hill, and to thy dwelling.
Psalm 43:4  And that I may go unto the altar of God, even unto the God of my joy and gladness: and upon the harp will I give thanks unto thee, O God, my God.
Psalm 43:5  Why art thou so heavy, O my soul: and why art thou so disquieted within me? O put thy trust in God: for I will yet give him thanks, which is the help of my countenance, and my God.
Psalm 44:1  We have heard with our ears, O God, our fathers have told us: what thou hast done in their time of old;
Psalm 44:2  How thou hast driven out the heathen with thy hand, and planted them in: how thou hast destroyed the nations and cast them out.
Psalm 44:3  For they gat not the land in possession through their own sword: neither was it their own arm that helped them; But thy right hand, and thine arm, and the light of thy countenance: because thou hadst a favour unto them.
Psalm 44:4  Thou art my King, O God: send help unto Jacob.
Psalm 44:5  Through thee will we overthrow our enemies: and in thy Name will we tread them under, that rise up against us.
Psalm 44:6  For I will not trust in my bow: it is not my sword that shall help me;
Psalm 44:7  But it is thou that savest us from our enemies: and puttest them to confusion that hate us.
Psalm 44:8  We make our boast of God all day long: and will praise thy Name for ever.
Psalm 44:9  But now thou art far off, and puttest us to confusion: and goest not forth with our armies.
Psalm 44:10  Thou makest us to turn our backs upon our enemies: so that they which hate us spoil our goods.
Psalm 44:11  Thou lettest us be eaten up like sheep: and hast scattered us among the heathen.
Psalm 44:12  Thou sellest thy people for nought: and takest no money for them.
Psalm 44:13  Thou makest us to be rebuked of our neighbours: to be laughed to scorn, and had in derision of them that are round about us.
Psalm 44:14  Thou makest us to be a by-word among the heathen: and that the people shake their heads at us.
Psalm 44:15  My confusion is daily before me: and the shame of my face hath covered me;
Psalm 44:16  For the voice of the slanderer and blasphemer: for the enemy and avenger.
Psalm 44:17  And though all this be come upon us, yet do we not forget thee: nor behave ourselves frowardly in thy covenant.
Psalm 44:18  Our heart is not turned back: neither our steps gone out of thy way;
Psalm 44:19  No, not when thou hast smitten us into the place of dragons: and covered us with the shadow of death.
Psalm 44:20  If we have forgotten the Name of our God, and holden up our hands to any strange god:
Psalm 44:21  Shall not God search it out? for he knoweth the very secrets of the heart.
Psalm 44:22  For thy sake also are we killed all the day long: and are counted as sheep appointed to be slain.
Psalm 44:23  Up, Lord, why sleepest thou: awake, and be not absent from us for ever.
Psalm 44:24  Wherefore hidest thou thy face: and forgettest our misery and trouble?
Psalm 44:25  For our soul is brought low, even unto the dust: our belly cleaveth unto the ground.
Psalm 44:26  Arise, and help us: and deliver us for thy mercy's sake.
Psalm 45:1  My heart is inditing of a good matter: I speak of the things which I have made unto the King. My tongue is the pen: of a ready writer.
Psalm 45:2  Thou art fairer than the children of men: full of grace are thy lips, because God hath blessed thee for ever.
Psalm 45:3  Gird thee with thy sword upon thy thigh, O thou most Mighty: according to thy worship and renown.
Psalm 45:4  Good luck have thou with thine honour: ride on, because of the word of truth, of meekness, and righteousness; and thy right hand shall teach thee terrible things.
Psalm 45:5  Thy arrows are very sharp, and the people shall be subdued unto thee: even in the midst among the King's enemies.
Psalm 45:6  Thy seat, O God, endureth for ever: the sceptre of thy kingdom is a right sceptre.
Psalm 45:7  Thou hast loved righteousness, and hated iniquity: wherefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows.
Psalm 45:8  All thy garments smell of myrrh, aloes, and cassia: out of the ivory palaces, whereby they have made thee glad.
Psalm 45:9  Kings daughters were among thy honourable women: upon thy right hand did stand the queen in a vesture of gold, wrought about with divers colours.
Psalm 45:10  Hearken, O daughter, and consider, incline thine ear: forget also thine own people, and thy father's house.
Psalm 45:11  So shall the King have pleasure in thy beauty: for he is thy Lord God, and worship thou him.
Psalm 45:12  And the daughter of Tyre shall be there with a gift: like as the rich also among the people shall make their supplication before thee.
Psalm 45:13  The King's daughter is all glorious within: her clothing is of wrought gold.
Psalm 45:14  She shall be brought unto the King in raiment of needle-work: the virgins that be her fellows shall bear her company, and shall be brought unto thee.
Psalm 45:15  With joy and gladness shall they be brought: and shall enter into the King's palace.
Psalm 45:16  Instead of thy fathers thou shalt have children: whom thou mayest make princes in all lands.
Psalm 45:17  I will remember thy Name from one generation to another: therefore shall the people give thanks unto thee, world without end.
Psalm 46:1  God is our hope and strength: a very present help in trouble.
Psalm 46:2  Therefore will we not fear, though the earth be moved: and though the hills be carried into the midst of the sea;
Psalm 46:3  Though the waters thereof rage and swell: and though the mountains shake at the tempest of the same.
Psalm 46:4  The rivers of the flood thereof shall make glad the city of God: the holy place of the tabernacle of the most Highest.
Psalm 46:5  God is in the midst of her, therefore shall she not be removed: God shall help her, and that right early.
Psalm 46:6  The heathen make much ado, and the kingdoms are moved: but God hath shewed his voice, and the earth shall melt away.
Psalm 46:7  The Lord of hosts is with us: the God of Jacob is our refuge.
Psalm 46:8  O come hither, and behold the works of the Lord: what destruction he hath brought upon the earth.
Psalm 46:9  He maketh wars to cease in all the world: he breaketh the bow, and knappeth the spear in sunder, and burneth the chariots in the fire.
Psalm 46:10  Be still then, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, and I will be exalted in the earth.
Psalm 46:11  The Lord of hosts is with us: the God of Jacob is our refuge.
Psalm 47:1  O clap your hands together, all ye people: O sing unto God with the voice of melody.
Psalm 47:2  For the Lord is high, and to be feared: he is the great King upon all the earth.
Psalm 47:3  He shall subdue the people under us: and the nations under our feet.
Psalm 47:4  He shall choose out an heritage for us: even the worship of Jacob, whom he loved.
Psalm 47:5  God is gone up with a merry noise: and the Lord with the sound of the trump.
Psalm 47:6  O sing praises, sing praises unto our God: O sing praises, sing praises unto our King.
Psalm 47:7  For God is the King of all the earth: sing ye praises with understanding.
Psalm 47:8  God reigneth over the heathen: God sitteth upon his holy seat.
Psalm 47:9  The princes of the people are joined unto the people of the God of Abraham: for God, which is very high exalted, doth defend the earth, as it were with a shield.
Psalm 48:1  Great is the Lord, and highly to be praised: in the city of our God, even upon his holy hill.
Psalm 48:2  The hill of Sion is a fair place, and the joy of the whole earth: upon the north-side lieth the city of the great King;
Psalm 48:3  God is well known in her palaces as a sure refuge.
Psalm 48:4  For lo, the kings of the earth: are gathered, and gone by together.
Psalm 48:5  They marvelled to see such things: they were astonished, and suddenly cast down.
Psalm 48:6  Fear came there upon them, and sorrow: as upon a woman in her travail.
Psalm 48:7  Thou shalt break the ships of the sea: through the east-wind.
Psalm 48:8  Like as we have heard, so have we seen in the city of the Lord of hosts, in the city of our God: God upholdeth the same for ever.
Psalm 48:9  We wait for thy loving-kindness, O God: in the midst of thy temple.
Psalm 48:10  O God, according to thy Name, so is thy praise unto the world's end: thy right hand is full of righteousness.
Psalm 48:11  Let the mount Sion rejoice, and the daughter of Judah be glad: because of thy judgements.
Psalm 48:12  Walk about Sion, and go round about her: and tell the towers thereof.
Psalm 48:13  Mark well her bulwarks, set up her houses: that ye may tell them that come after.
Psalm 48:14  For this God is our God for ever and ever: he shall be our guide unto death.
Psalm 49:1  O hear ye this, all ye people: ponder it with your ears, all ye that dwell in the world;
Psalm 49:2  High and low, rich and poor: one with another.
Psalm 49:3  My mouth shall speak of wisdom: and my heart shall muse of understanding.
Psalm 49:4  I will incline mine ear to the parable: and shew my dark speech upon the harp.
Psalm 49:5  Wherefore should I fear in the days of wickedness: and when the wickedness of my heels compasseth me round about?
Psalm 49:6  There be some that put their trust in their goods: and boast themselves in the multitude of their riches.
Psalm 49:7  But no man may deliver his brother: nor make agreement unto God for him;
Psalm 49:8  For it cost more to redeem their souls: so that he must let that alone for ever;
Psalm 49:9  Yea, though he live long: and see not the grave.
Psalm 49:10  For he seeth that wise men also die, and perish together: as well as the ignorant and foolish, and leave their riches for other.
Psalm 49:11  And yet they think that their houses shall continue for ever: and that their dwelling-places shall endure from one generation to another; and call the lands after their own names.
Psalm 49:12  Nevertheless, man will not abide in honour: seeing he may be compared unto the beasts that perish; this is the way of them.
Psalm 49:13  This is their foolishness: and their posterity praise their saying.
Psalm 49:14  They lie in the hell like sheep, death gnaweth upon them, and the righteous shall have domination over them in the morning: their beauty shall consume in the sepulchre out of their dwelling.
Psalm 49:15  But God hath delivered my soul from the place of hell: for he shall receive me.
Psalm 49:16  Be not thou afraid, though one be made rich: or if the glory of his house be increased;
Psalm 49:17  For he shall carry nothing away with him when he dieth: neither shall his pomp follow him.
Psalm 49:18  For while he lived, he counted himself an happy man: and so long as thou doest well unto thyself, men will speak good of thee.
Psalm 49:19  He shall follow the generation of his fathers: and shall never see light.
Psalm 49:20  Man being in honour hath no understanding: but is compared unto the beasts that perish.
Psalm 50:1  The Lord, even the most mighty God, hath spoken: and called the world, from the rising up of the sun unto the going down thereof.
Psalm 50:2  Out of Sion hath God appeared: in perfect beauty.
Psalm 50:3  Our God shall come, and shall not keep silence: there shall go before him a consuming fire, and a mighty tempest shall be stirred up round about him.
Psalm 50:4  He shall call the heaven from above: and the earth, that he may judge his people.
Psalm 50:5  Gather my saints together unto me: those that have made a covenant with me with sacrifice.
Psalm 50:6  And the heavens shall declare his righteousness: for God is Judge himself.
Psalm 50:7  Hear, O my people, and I will speak: I myself will testify against thee, O Israel; for I am God, even thy God.
Psalm 50:8  I will not reprove thee because of thy sacrifices, or for thy burnt-offerings: because they were not alway before me.
Psalm 50:9  I will take no bullock out of thine house: nor he-goat out of thy folds.
Psalm 50:10  For all the beasts of the forest are mine: and so are the cattle upon a thousand hills.
Psalm 50:11  I know all the fowls upon the mountains: and the wild beasts of the field are in my sight.
Psalm 50:12  If I be hungry, I will not tell thee: for the whole world is mine, and all that is therein.
Psalm 50:13  Thinkest thou that I will eat bulls flesh: and drink the blood of goats?
Psalm 50:14  Offer unto God thanksgiving: and pay thy vows unto the most Highest.
Psalm 50:15  And call upon me in the time of trouble: so will I hear thee, and thou shalt praise me.
Psalm 50:16  But unto the ungodly said God: Why dost thou preach my laws, and takest my covenant in thy mouth;
Psalm 50:17  Whereas thou hatest to be reformed: and hast cast my words behind thee?
Psalm 50:18  When thou sawest a thief, thou consentedst unto him: and hast been partaker with the adulterers.
Psalm 50:19  Thou hast let thy mouth speak wickedness: and with thy tongue thou hast set forth deceit.
Psalm 50:20  Thou satest, and spakest against thy brother: yea, and hast slandered thine own mother's son.
Psalm 50:21  These things hast thou done, and I held my tongue, and thou thoughtest wickedly, that I am even such a one as thyself: but I will reprove thee, and set before thee the things that thou hast done.
Psalm 50:22  O consider this, ye that forget God: lest I pluck you away, and there be none to deliver you.
Psalm 50:23  Whoso offereth me thanks and praise, he honoureth me: and to him that ordereth his conversation right will I shew the salvation of God.
Psalm 51:1  Have mercy upon me, O God, after thy great goodness: according to the multitude of thy mercies do away mine offences.
Psalm 51:2  Wash me throughly from my wickedness: and cleanse me from my sin.
Psalm 51:3  For I acknowledge my faults: and my sin is ever before me.
Psalm 51:4  Against thee only have I sinned, and done this evil in thy sight: that thou mightest be justified in thy saying, and clear when thou art judged.
Psalm 51:5  Behold, I was shapen in wickedness: and in sin hath my mother conceived me.
Psalm 51:6  But lo, thou requirest truth in the inward parts: and shalt make me to understand wisdom secretly.
Psalm 51:7  Thou shalt purge me with hyssop, and I shall be clean: thou shalt wash me, and I shall be whiter than snow.
Psalm 51:8  Thou shalt make me hear of joy and gladness: that the bones which thou hast broken may rejoice.
Psalm 51:9  Turn thy face from my sins: and put out all my misdeeds.
Psalm 51:10  Make me a clean heart, O God: and renew a right spirit within me.
Psalm 51:11  Cast me not away from thy presence: and take not thy holy Spirit from me.
Psalm 51:12  O give me the comfort of thy help again: and stablish me with thy free Spirit.
Psalm 51:13  Then shall I teach thy ways unto the wicked: and sinners shall be converted unto thee.
Psalm 51:14  Deliver me from blood-guiltiness, O God, thou that art the God of my health: and my tongue shall sing of thy righteousness.
Psalm 51:15  Thou shalt open my lips, O Lord: and my mouth shall shew thy praise.
Psalm 51:16  For thou desirest no sacrifice, else would I give it thee: but thou delightest not in burnt-offerings.
Psalm 51:17  The sacrifice of God is a troubled spirit: a broken and contrite heart, O God, shalt thou not despise.
Psalm 51:18  O be favourable and gracious unto Sion: build thou the walls of Jerusalem.
Psalm 51:19  Then shalt thou be pleased with the sacrifice of righteousness, with the burnt-offerings and oblations: then shall they offer young bullocks upon thine altar.
Psalm 52:1  Why boastest thou thyself, thou tyrant: that thou canst do mischief; Whereas the goodness of God: endureth yet daily?
Psalm 52:2  Thy tongue imagineth wickedness: and with lies thou cuttest like a sharp rasor.
Psalm 52:3  Thou hast loved unrighteousness more than goodness: and to talk of lies more than righteousness.
Psalm 52:4  Thou hast loved to speak all words that may do hurt: O thou false tongue.
Psalm 52:5  Therefore shall God destroy thee for ever: he shall take thee, and pluck thee out of thy dwelling, and root thee out of the land of the living.
Psalm 52:6  The righteous also shall see this, and fear: and shall laugh him to scorn;
Psalm 52:7  Lo, this is the man that took not God for his strength: but trusted unto the multitude of his riches, and strengthened himself in his wickedness.
Psalm 52:8  As for me, I am like a green olive-tree in the house of God: my trust is in the tender mercy of God for ever and ever.
Psalm 52:9  I will always give thanks unto thee for that thou hast done: and I will hope in thy Name, for thy saints like it well.
Psalm 53:1  The foolish body hath said in his heart: There is no God. Corrupt are they, and become abominable in their wickedness: there is none that doeth good.
Psalm 53:2  God looked down from heaven upon the children of men: to see if there were any that would understand, and seek after God.
Psalm 53:3  But they are all gone out of the way, they are altogether become abominable: there is also none that doeth good, no not one.
Psalm 53:4  Are not they without understanding, that work wickedness: eating up my people as if they would eat bread? they have not called upon God.
Psalm 53:5  They were afraid where no fear was: for God hath broken the bones of him that besieged thee; thou hast put them to confusion, because God hath despised them.
Psalm 53:6  O that the salvation were given unto Israel out of Sion: O that the Lord would deliver his people out of captivity! Then should Jacob rejoice: and Israel should be right glad.
Psalm 54:1  Save me, O God, for thy Name's sake: and avenge me in thy strength.
Psalm 54:2  Hear my prayer, O God: and hearken unto the words of my mouth.
Psalm 54:3  For strangers are risen up against me: and tyrants, which have not God before their eyes, seek after my soul.
Psalm 54:4  Behold, God is my helper: the Lord is with them that uphold my soul.
Psalm 54:5  He shall reward evil unto mine enemies: destroy thou them in thy truth.
Psalm 54:6  An offering of a free heart will I give thee, and praise thy Name, O Lord: because it is so comfortable.
Psalm 54:7  For he hath delivered me out of all my trouble: and mine eye hath seen his desire upon mine enemies.
Psalm 55:1  Hear my prayer, O God: and hide not thyself from my petition.
Psalm 55:2  Take heed unto me, and hear me: how I mourn in my prayer, and am vexed.
Psalm 55:3  The enemy crieth so, and the ungodly cometh on so fast: for they are minded to do me some mischief; so maliciously are they set against me.
Psalm 55:4  My heart is disquieted within me: and the fear of death is fallen upon me.
Psalm 55:5  Tearfulness and trembling are come upon me: and an horrible dread hath overwhelmed me.
Psalm 55:6  And I said, O that I had wings like a dove: for then would I flee away, and be at rest.
Psalm 55:7  Lo, then would I get me away far off: and remain in the wilderness.
Psalm 55:8  I would make haste to escape: because of the stormy wind and tempest.
Psalm 55:9  Destroy their tongues, O Lord, and divide them: for I have spied unrighteousness and strife in the city.
Psalm 55:10  Day and night they go about within the walls thereof: mischief also and sorrow are in the midst of it.
Psalm 55:11  Wickedness is therein: deceit and guile go not out of her streets.
Psalm 55:12  For it is not an open enemy, that hath done me this dishonour: for then I could have borne it. Neither was it mine adversary, that did magnify himself against me: for then peradventure I would have hid myself from him.
Psalm 55:13  But it was even thou, my companion: my guide, and mine own familiar friend.
Psalm 55:14  We took sweet counsel together: and walked in the house of God as friends.
Psalm 55:15  Let death come hastily upon them, and let them go down quick into hell: for wickedness is in their dwellings, and among them.
Psalm 55:16  As for me, I will call upon God: and the Lord shall save me.
Psalm 55:17  In the evening, and morning, and at noon-day will I pray, and that instantly: and he shall hear my voice.
Psalm 55:18  It is he that hath delivered my soul in peace from the battle that was against me: for there were many with me.
Psalm 55:19  Yea, even God, that endureth for ever, shall hear me, and bring them down: for they will not turn, nor fear God.
Psalm 55:20  He laid his hands upon such as be at peace with him: and he brake his covenant.
Psalm 55:21  The words of his mouth were softer than butter, having war in his heart: his words were smoother than oil, and yet be they very swords.
Psalm 55:22  O cast thy burden upon the Lord, and he shall nourish thee: and shall not suffer the righteous to fall for ever.
Psalm 55:23  And as for them: thou, O God, shalt bring them into the pit of destruction. The blood-thirsty and deceitful men shall not live out half their days: nevertheless, my trust shall be in thee, O Lord.
Psalm 56:1  Be merciful unto me, O God, for man goeth about to devour me: he is daily fighting, and troubling me.
Psalm 56:2  Mine enemies are daily in hand to swallow me up: for they be many that fight against me, thou most Highest.
Psalm 56:3  Nevertheless, though I am sometime afraid: yet put I my trust in thee.
Psalm 56:4  I will praise God, because of his word: I have put my trust in God, and will not fear what flesh can do unto me.
Psalm 56:5  They daily mistake my words: all that they imagine is to do me evil.
Psalm 56:6  They hold all together, and keep themselves close: and mark my steps, when they lay wait for my soul.
Psalm 56:7  Shall they escape for their wickedness: thou, O God, in thy displeasure shalt cast them down.
Psalm 56:8  Thou tellest my Sittings; put my tears into thy bottle: are not these things noted in thy book?
Psalm 56:9  Whensoever I call upon thee, then shall mine enemies be put to flight: this I know; for God is on my side.
Psalm 56:10  In God's word will I rejoice: in the Lord's word will I comfort me.
Psalm 56:11  Yea, in God have I put my trust: I will not be afraid what man can do unto me.
Psalm 56:12  Unto thee, O God, will I pay my vows: unto thee will I give thanks.
Psalm 56:13  For thou hast delivered my soul from death, and my feet from falling: that I may walk before God in the light of the living.
Psalm 57:1  Be merciful unto me, O God, be merciful unto me, for my soul trusteth in thee: and under the shadow of thy wings shall be my refuge, until this tyranny be over-past.
Psalm 57:2  I will call unto the most high God: even unto the God that shall perform the cause which I have in hand.
Psalm 57:3  He shall send from heaven: and save me from the reproof of him that would eat me up. God shall send forth his mercy and truth:
Psalm 57:4  My soul is among lions. And I lie even among the children of men, that are set on fire: whose teeth are spears and arrows, and their tongue a sharp sword.
Psalm 57:5  Set up thyself, O God, above the heavens: and thy glory above all the earth.
Psalm 57:6  They have laid a net for my feet, and pressed down my soul: they have digged a pit before me, and are fallen into the midst of it themselves.
Psalm 57:7  My heart is fixed, O God, my heart is fixed: I will sing, and give praise.
Psalm 57:8  Awake up, my glory; awake, lute and harp: I myself will awake right early.
Psalm 57:9  I will give thanks unto thee, O Lord, among the people: and I will sing unto thee among the nations.
Psalm 57:10  For the greatness of thy mercy reacheth unto the heavens: and thy truth unto the clouds.
Psalm 57:11  Set up thyself, O God, above the heavens: and thy glory above all the earth.
Psalm 58:1  Are your minds set upon righteousness, O ye congregation: and do ye judge the thing that is right, O ye sons of men?
Psalm 58:2  Yea, ye imagine mischief in your heart upon the earth: and your hands deal with wickedness.
Psalm 58:3  The ungodly are froward, even from their mother's womb: as soon as they are born, they go astray, and speak lies.
Psalm 58:4  They are as venomous as the poison of a serpent: even like the deaf adder that stoppeth her ears;
Psalm 58:5  Which refuseth to hear the voice of the charmer: charm he never so wisely.
Psalm 58:6  Break their teeth, O God, in their mouths; smite the jaw-bones of the lions, O Lord:
Psalm 58:7  Let them fall away like water that runneth apace; and when they shoot their arrows let them be rooted out.
Psalm 58:8  Let them consume away like a snail, and be like the untimely fruit of a woman: and let them not see the sun.
Psalm 58:9  Or ever your pots be made hot with thorns: so let indignation vex him, even as a thing that is raw.
Psalm 58:10  The righteous shall rejoice when he seeth the vengeance: he shall wash his footsteps in the blood of the ungodly.
Psalm 58:11  So that a man shall say, Verily there is a reward for the righteous: doubtless there is a God that judgeth the earth.
Psalm 59:1  Deliver me from mine enemies, O God: defend me from them that rise up against me.
Psalm 59:2  O deliver me from the wicked doers: and save me from the blood-thirsty men.
Psalm 59:3  For lo, they lie waiting for my soul: the mighty men are gathered against me, without any offence or fault of me, O Lord.
Psalm 59:4  They run and prepare themselves without my fault: arise thou therefore to help me, and behold.
Psalm 59:5  Stand up, O Lord God of hosts, thou God of Israel, to visit all the heathen: and be not merciful unto them that offend of malicious wickedness.
Psalm 59:6  They go to and fro in the evening: they grin like a dog, and run about through the city.
Psalm 59:7  Behold, they speak with their mouth, and swords are in their lips: for who doth hear?
Psalm 59:8  But thou, O Lord, shalt have them in derision: and thou shalt laugh all the heathen to scorn.
Psalm 59:9  My strength will I ascribe unto thee: for thou art the God of my refuge.
Psalm 59:10  God sheweth me his goodness plenteously: and God shall let me see my desire upon mine enemies.
Psalm 59:11  Slay them not, lest my people forget it: but scatter them abroad among the people, and put them down, O Lord, our defence.
Psalm 59:12  For the sin of their mouth, and for the words of their lips, they shall be taken in their pride: and why? their preaching is of cursing and lies.
Psalm 59:13  Consume them in thy wrath, consume them, that they may perish: and know that it is God that ruleth in Jacob, and unto the ends of the world.
Psalm 59:14  And in the evening they will return: grin like a dog, and will go about the city.
Psalm 59:15  They will run here and there for meat: and grudge if they be not satisfied.
Psalm 59:16  As for me, I will sing of thy power, and will praise thy mercy betimes in the morning: for thou hast been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble.
Psalm 59:17  Unto thee, O my strength, will I sing: for thou, O God, art my refuge, and my merciful God.
Psalm 60:1  O God, thou hast cast us out, and scattered us abroad: thou hast also been displeased; O turn thee unto us again.
Psalm 60:2  Thou hast moved the land, and divided it: heal the sores thereof, for it shaketh.
Psalm 60:3  Thou hast shewed thy people heavy things: thou hast given us a drink of deadly wine.
Psalm 60:4  Thou hast given a token for such as fear thee: that they may triumph because of the truth.
Psalm 60:5  Therefore were thy beloved delivered: help me with thy right hand, and hear me.
Psalm 60:6  God hath spoken in his holiness, I will rejoice, and divide Sichem: and mete out the valley of Succoth.
Psalm 60:7  Gilead is mine, and Manasses is mine: Ephraim also is the strength of my head; Judah is my law-giver;
Psalm 60:8  Moab is my wash-pot; over Edom will I cast out my shoe: Philistia, be thou glad of me.
Psalm 60:9  Who will lead me into the strong city: who will bring me into Edom?
Psalm 60:10  Hast not thou cast us out, O God: wilt not thou, O God, go out with our hosts?
Psalm 60:11  O be thou our help in trouble: for vain is the help of man.
Psalm 60:12  Through God will we do great acts: for it is he that shall tread down our enemies.
Psalm 61:1  Hear my crying, O God: give ear unto my prayer.
Psalm 61:2  From the ends of the earth will I call upon thee: when my heart is in heaviness. O set me up upon the rock that is higher than I:
Psalm 61:3  For thou hast been my hope, and a strong tower for me against the enemy.
Psalm 61:4  I will dwell in thy tabernacle for ever: and my trust shall be under the covering of thy wings.
Psalm 61:5  For thou, O Lord, hast heard my desires: and hast given an heritage unto those that fear thy Name.
Psalm 61:6  Thou shalt grant the King a long life: that his years may endure throughout all generations.
Psalm 61:7  He shall dwell before God for ever: O prepare thy loving mercy and faithfulness, that they may preserve him.
Psalm 61:8  So will I always sing praise unto thy Name: that I may daily perform my vows.
Psalm 62:1  My soul truly waiteth still upon God: for of him cometh my salvation.
Psalm 62:2  He verily is my strength and my salvation: he is my defence, so that I shall not greatly fall.
Psalm 62:3  How long will ye imagine mischief against every man: ye shall be slain all the sort of you; yea, as a tottering wall shall ye be, and like a broken hedge.
Psalm 62:4  Their device is only how to put him out whom God will exalt: their delight is in lies; they give good words with their mouth, but curse with their heart.
Psalm 62:5  Nevertheless, my soul, wait thou still upon God: for my hope is in him.
Psalm 62:6  He truly is my strength and my salvation: he is my defence, so that I shall not fall.
Psalm 62:7  In God is my health, and my glory: the rock of my might, and in God is my trust.
Psalm 62:8  O put your trust in him alway, ye people: pour out your hearts before him, for God is our hope.
Psalm 62:9  As for the children of men, they are but vanity: the children of men are deceitful upon the weights, they are altogether lighter than vanity itself.
Psalm 62:10  O trust not in wrong and robbery, give not yourselves unto vanity: if riches increase, set not your heart upon them.
Psalm 62:11  God spake once, and twice I have also heard the same: that power belongeth unto God;
Psalm 62:12  And that thou, Lord, art merciful: for thou rewardest every man according to his work.
Psalm 63:1  O God, thou art my God: early will I seek thee. My soul thirsteth for thee, my flesh also longeth after thee: in a barren and dry land where no water is.
Psalm 63:2  Thus have I looked for thee in holiness: that I might behold thy power and glory.
Psalm 63:3  For thy loving-kindness is better than the life itself: my lips shall praise thee.
Psalm 63:4  As long as I live will I magnify thee on this manner: and lift up my hands in thy Name.
Psalm 63:5  My soul shall be satisfied, even as it were with marrow and fatness: when my mouth praiseth thee with joyful lips.
Psalm 63:6  Have I not remembered thee in my bed: and thought upon thee when I was waking?
Psalm 63:7  Because thou hast been my helper: therefore under the shadow of thy wings will I rejoice.
Psalm 63:8  My soul hangeth upon thee: thy right hand hath upholden me.
Psalm 63:9  These also that seek the hurt of my soul: they shall go under the earth.
Psalm 63:10  Let them fall upon the edge of the sword: that they may be a portion for foxes.
Psalm 63:11  But the King shall rejoice in God; all they also that swear by him shall be commended: for the mouth of them that speak lies shall be stopped.
Psalm 64:1  Hear my voice, O God, in my prayer: preserve my life from fear of the enemy.
Psalm 64:2  Hide me from the gathering together of the froward: and from the insurrection of wicked doers;
Psalm 64:3  Who have whet their tongue like a sword: and shoot out their arrows, even bitter words;
Psalm 64:4  That they may privily shoot at him that is perfect: suddenly do they hit him, and fear not.
Psalm 64:5  They encourage themselves in mischief: and commune among themselves how they may lay snares, and say that no man shall see them.
Psalm 64:6  They imagine wickedness, and practise it: that they keep secret among themselves, every man in the deep of his heart.
Psalm 64:7  But God shall suddenly shoot at them with a swift arrow: that they shall be wounded.
Psalm 64:8  Yea, their own tongues shall make them fall: insomuch that whoso seeth them shall laugh them to scorn.
Psalm 64:9  And all men that see it shall say, This hath God done: for they shall perceive that it is his work.
Psalm 64:10  The righteous shall rejoice in the Lord, and put his trust in him: and all they that are true of heart shall be glad.
Psalm 65:1  Thou, O God, art praised in Sion: and unto thee shall the vow be performed in Jerusalem.
Psalm 65:2  Thou that hearest the prayer: unto thee shall all flesh come.
Psalm 65:3  My misdeeds prevail against me: O be thou merciful unto our sins.
Psalm 65:4  Blessed is the man whom thou choosest, and receivest unto thee: he shall dwell in thy court, and shall be satisfied with the pleasures of thy house, even of thy holy temple.
Psalm 65:5  Thou shalt shew us wonderful things in thy righteousness, O God of our salvation: thou that art the hope of all the ends of the earth, and of them that remain in the broad sea.
Psalm 65:6  Who in his strength setteth fast the mountains: and is girded about with power.
Psalm 65:7  Who stilleth the raging of the sea: and the noise of his waves, and the madness of the people.
Psalm 65:8  They also that dwell in the uttermost parts of the earth shall be afraid at thy tokens: thou that makest the outgoings of the morning and evening to praise thee.
Psalm 65:9  Thou visitest the earth, and blessest it: thou makest it very plenteous. The river of God is full of water: thou preparest their corn, for so thou providest for the earth.
Psalm 65:10  Thou waterest her furrows, thou sendest rain into the little valleys thereof: thou makest it soft with the drops of rain, and blessest the increase of it.
Psalm 65:11  Thou crownest the year with thy goodness: and thy clouds drop fatness.
Psalm 65:12  They shall drop upon the dwellings of the wilderness: and the little hills shall rejoice on every side.
Psalm 65:13  The folds shall be full of sheep: the valleys also shall stand so thick with corn, that they shall laugh and sing.
Psalm 66:1  O be joyful in God, all ye lands:
Psalm 66:2  Sing praises unto the honour of his Name, make his praise to be glorious.
Psalm 66:3  Say unto God, O how wonderful art thou in thy works: through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies be found liars unto thee.
Psalm 66:4  For all the world shall worship thee: sing of thee, and praise thy Name.
Psalm 66:5  O come hither, and behold the works of God: how wonderful he is in his doing toward the children of men.
Psalm 66:6  He turned the sea into dry land: so that they went through the water on foot; there did we rejoice thereof.
Psalm 66:7  He ruleth with his power for ever; his eyes behold the people: and such as will not believe shall not be able to exalt themselves.
Psalm 66:8  O praise our God, ye people: and make the voice of his praise to be heard;
Psalm 66:9  Who holdeth our soul in life: and suffereth not our feet to slip.
Psalm 66:10  For thou, O God, hast proved us: thou also hast tried us, like as silver is tried.
Psalm 66:11  Thou broughtest us into the snare: and laidest trouble upon our loins.
Psalm 66:12  Thou sufferedst men to ride over our heads: we went through fire and water, and thou broughtest us out into a wealthy place.
Psalm 66:13  I will go into thine house with burnt-offerings: and will pay thee my vows,
Psalm 66:14  Which I promised with my lips, and spake with my mouth, when I was in trouble.
Psalm 66:15  I will offer unto thee fat burnt-sacrifices, with the incense of rams: I will offer bullocks and goats.
Psalm 66:16  O come hither, and hearken, all ye that fear God: and I will tell you what he hath done for my soul.
Psalm 66:17  I called unto him with my mouth: and gave him praises with my tongue.
Psalm 66:18  If I incline unto wickedness with mine heart: the Lord will not hear me.
Psalm 66:19  But God hath heard me: and considered the voice of my prayer.
Psalm 66:20  Praised be God, who hath not cast out my prayer: nor turned his mercy from me.
Psalm 67:1  God be merciful unto us, and bless us: and shew us the light of his countenance, and be merciful unto us:
Psalm 67:2  That thy way may be known upon earth: thy saving health among all nations.
Psalm 67:3  Let the people praise thee, O God: yea, let all the people praise thee.
Psalm 67:4  O let the nations rejoice and be glad: for thou shalt judge the folk righteously, and govern the nations upon earth.
Psalm 67:5  Let the people praise thee, O God: let all the people praise thee.
Psalm 67:6  Then shall the earth bring forth her increase: and God, even our own God, shall give us his blessing.
Psalm 67:7  God shall bless us: and all the ends of the world shall fear him.
Psalm 68:1  Let God arise, and let his enemies be scattered: let them also that hate him flee before him.
Psalm 68:2  Like as the smoke vanisheth, so shalt thou drive them away: and like as wax melteth at the fire, so let the ungodly perish at the presence of God.
Psalm 68:3  But let the righteous be glad and rejoice before God: let them also be merry and joyful.
Psalm 68:4  O sing unto God, and sing praises unto his Name: magnify him that rideth upon the heavens, as it were upon an horse; praise him in his Name JAH, and rejoice before him.
Psalm 68:5  He is a father of the fatherless, and defendeth the cause of the widows: even God in his holy habitation.
Psalm 68:6  He is the God that maketh men to be of one mind in an house, and bringeth the prisoners out of captivity: but letteth the runagates continue in scarceness.
Psalm 68:7  O God, when thou wentest forth before the people: when thou wentest through the wilderness;
Psalm 68:8  The earth shook, and the heavens dropped at the presence of God: even as Sinai also was moved at the presence of God, who is the God of Israel.
Psalm 68:9  Thou, O God, sentest a gracious rain upon thine inheritance: and refreshedst it when it was weary.
Psalm 68:10  Thy congregation shall dwell therein: for thou, O God, hast of thy goodness prepared for the poor.
Psalm 68:11  The Lord gave the word: great was the company of the preachers.
Psalm 68:12  Kings with their armies did flee, and were discomfited: and they of the household divided the spoil.
Psalm 68:13  Though ye have lien among the pots, yet shall ye be as the wings of a dove: that is covered with silver wings, and her feathers like gold.
Psalm 68:14  When the Almighty scattered kings for their sake: then were they as white as snow in Salmon.
Psalm 68:15  As the hill of Basan, so is God's hill: even an high hill, as the hill of Basan.
Psalm 68:16  Why hop ye so, ye high hills? this is God's hill, in the which it pleaseth him to dwell: yea, the Lord will abide in it for ever.
Psalm 68:17  The chariots of God are twenty thousand, even thousands of angels: and the Lord is among them, as in the holy place of Sinai.
Psalm 68:18  Thou art gone up on high, thou hast led captivity captive, and received gifts for men: yea, even for thine enemies, that the Lord God might dwell among them.
Psalm 68:19  Praised be the Lord daily: even the God who helpeth us, and poureth his benefits upon us.
Psalm 68:20  He is our God, even the God of whom cometh salvation: God is the Lord, by whom we escape death.
Psalm 68:21  God shall wound the head of his enemies: and the hairy scalp of such a one as goeth on still in his wickedness.
Psalm 68:22  The Lord hath said, I will bring my people again, as I did from Basan: mine own will I bring again, as I did sometime from the deep of the sea.
Psalm 68:23  That thy foot may be dipped in the blood of thine enemies: and that the tongue of thy dogs may be red through the same.
Psalm 68:24  It is well seen, O God, how thou goest: how thou, my God and King, goest in the sanctuary.
Psalm 68:25  The singers go before, the minstrels follow after: in the midst are the damsels playing with the timbrels.
Psalm 68:26  Give thanks, O Israel, unto God the Lord in the congregations: from the ground of the heart.
Psalm 68:27  There is little Benjamin their ruler, and the princes of Judah their counsel: the princes of Zabulon, and the princes of Nephthali.
Psalm 68:28  Thy God hath sent forth strength for thee: stablish the thing, O God, that thou hast wrought in us,
Psalm 68:29  For thy temple's sake at Jerusalem: so shall kings bring presents unto thee.
Psalm 68:30  When the company of the spear-men and multitude of the mighty are scattered abroad among the beasts of the people, so that they humbly bring pieces of silver: and when he hath scattered the people that delight in war;
Psalm 68:31  Then shall the princes come out of Egypt: the Morians' land shall soon stretch out her hands unto God.
Psalm 68:32  Sing unto God, O ye kingdoms of the earth: O sing praises unto the Lord;
Psalm 68:33  Who sitteth in the heavens over all from the beginning: lo, he doth send out his voice, yea, and that a mighty voice.
Psalm 68:34  Ascribe ye the power to God over Israel: his worship and strength is in the clouds.
Psalm 68:35  O God, wonderful art thou in thy holy places: even the God of Israel, he will give strength and power unto his people; blessed be God.
Psalm 69:1  Save me, O God: for the waters are come in, even unto my soul.
Psalm 69:2  I stick fast in the deep mire, where no ground is: I am come into deep waters, so that the floods run over me.
Psalm 69:3  I am weary of crying; my throat is dry: my sight faileth me for waiting so long upon my God.
Psalm 69:4  They that hate me without a cause are more than the hairs of my head: they that are mine enemies, and would destroy me guiltless, are mighty. I paid them the things that I never took: 
Psalm 69:5  God, thou knowest my simpleness, and my faults are not hid from thee.
Psalm 69:6  Let not them that trust in thee, O Lord God of hosts, be ashamed for my cause: let not those that seek thee be confounded through me, O Lord God of Israel.
Psalm 69:7  And why? for thy sake have I suffered reproof: shame hath covered my face.
Psalm 69:8  I am become a stranger unto my brethren: even an alien unto my mother's children.
Psalm 69:9  For the zeal of thine house hath even eaten me: and the rebukes of them that rebuked thee are fallen upon me.
Psalm 69:10  I wept, and chastened myself with fasting: and that was turned to my reproof.
Psalm 69:11  I put on sackcloth also: and they jested upon me.
Psalm 69:12  They that sit in the gate speak against me: and the drunkards make songs upon me.
Psalm 69:13  But, Lord, I make my prayer unto thee: in an acceptable time. Hear me, O God, in the multitude of thy mercy: even in the truth of thy salvation.
Psalm 69:14  Take me out of the mire, that I sink not: O let me be delivered from them that hate me, and out of the deep waters.
Psalm 69:15  Let not the water-flood drown me, neither let the deep swallow me up: and let not the pit shut her mouth upon me.
Psalm 69:16  Hear me, O Lord, for thy loving-kindness is comfortable: turn thee unto me according to the multitude of thy mercies.
Psalm 69:17  And hide not thy face from thy servant, for I am in trouble: O haste thee, and hear me.
Psalm 69:18  Draw nigh unto my soul, and save it: O deliver me, because of mine enemies.
Psalm 69:19  Thou hast known my reproof, my shame, and my dishonour: mine adversaries are all in thy sight.
Psalm 69:20  Thy rebuke hath broken my heart; I am full of heaviness: I looked for some to have pity on me, but there was no man, neither found I any to comfort me.
Psalm 69:21  They gave me gall to eat: and when I was thirsty they gave me vinegar to drink.
Psalm 69:22  Let their table be made a snare to take themselves withal: and let the things that should have been for their wealth be unto them an occasion of falling.
Psalm 69:23  Let their eyes be blinded, that they see not: and ever bow thou down their backs.
Psalm 69:24  Pour out thine indignation upon them: and let thy wrathful displeasure take hold of them.
Psalm 69:25  Let their habitation be void: and no man to dwell in their tents.
Psalm 69:26  For they persecute him whom thou hast smitten: and they talk how they may vex them whom thou hast wounded.
Psalm 69:27  Let them fall from one wickedness to another: and riot come into thy righteousness.
Psalm 69:28  Let them be wiped out of the book of the living: and not be written among the righteous.
Psalm 69:29  As for me, when I am poor and in heaviness: thy help, O God, shall lift me up.
Psalm 69:30  I will praise the Name of God with a song: and magnify it with thanksgiving.
Psalm 69:31  This also shall please the Lord: better than a bullock that hath horns and hoofs.
Psalm 69:32  The humble shall consider this, and be glad: seek ye after God, and your soul shall live.
Psalm 69:33  For the Lord heareth the poor: and despiseth not his prisoners.
Psalm 69:34  Let heaven and earth praise him: the sea, and all that moveth therein.
Psalm 69:35  For God will save Sion, and build the cities of Judah: that men may dwell there, and have it in possession.
Psalm 69:36  The posterity also of his servants shall inherit it: and they that love his Name shall dwell therein.
Psalm 70:1  Haste thee, O God, to deliver me: make haste to help me, O Lord.
Psalm 70:2  Let them be ashamed and confounded that seek after my soul: let them be turned back ward and put to confusion that wish me evil.
Psalm 70:3  Let them for their reward be soon brought to shame: that cry over me, There, there.
Psalm 70:4  But let all those that seek thee be joyful and glad in thee: and let all such as delight in thy salvation say alway, The Lord be praised.
Psalm 70:5  As for me, I am poor and in misery: haste thee unto me, O God. Thou art my helper and my redeemer: O Lord, make no long tarrying.
Psalm 71:1  In thee, O Lord, have I put my trust, let me never be put to confusion:
Psalm 71:2  But rid me and deliver me in thy righteousness, incline thine ear unto me, and save me.
Psalm 71:3  Be thou my strong hold, whereunto I may alway resort: thou hast promised to help me, for thou art my house of defence and my castle.
Psalm 71:4  Deliver me, O my God, out of the hand of the ungodly: out of the hand of the unrighteous and cruel man.
Psalm 71:5  For thou, O Lord God, art the thing that I long for: thou art my hope, even from my youth.
Psalm 71:6  Through thee have I been holden up ever since I was born: thou art he that took me out of my mother's womb; my praise shall be always of thee.
Psalm 71:7  I am become as it were a monster unto many: but my sure trust is in thee.
Psalm 71:8  O let my mouth be filled with thy praise: that I may sing of thy glory and honour all the day long.
Psalm 71:9  Cast me not away in the time of age: forsake me not when my strength faileth me.
Psalm 71:10  For mine enemies speak against me, and they that lay wait for my soul take their counsel together, saying: 
Psalm 71:11  God hath forsaken him; persecute him, and take him, for there is none to deliver him.
Psalm 71:12  Go not far from me, O God: my God, haste thee to help me.
Psalm 71:13  Let them be confounded and perish that are against my soul: let them be covered with shame and dishonour that seek to do me evil.
Psalm 71:14  As for me, I will patiently abide alway: and will praise thee more and more.
Psalm 71:15  My mouth shall daily speak of thy righteousness and salvation: for I know no end thereof.
Psalm 71:16  I will go forth in the strength of the Lord God: and will make mention of thy righteousness only.
Psalm 71:17  Thou, O God, hast taught me from my youth up until now: therefore will I tell of thy wondrous works.
Psalm 71:18  Forsake me not, O God, in mine old age, when I am gray-headed: until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power to all them that are yet for to come.
Psalm 71:19  Thy righteousness, O God, is very high: and great things are they that thou hast done; O God, who is like unto thee?
Psalm 71:20  O what great troubles and adversities hast thou shewed me, and yet didst thou turn and refresh me: yea, and broughtest me from the deep of the earth again.
Psalm 71:21  Thou hast brought me to great honour: and comforted me on every side.
Psalm 71:22  Therefore will I praise thee and thy faithfulness, O God, playing upon an instrument of music: unto thee will I sing upon the harp, O thou Holy One of Israel.
Psalm 71:23  My lips will be fain when I sing unto thee: and so will my soul whom thou hast delivered.
Psalm 71:24  My tongue also shall talk of thy righteousness all the day long: for they are confounded and brought unto shame that seek to do me evil.
Psalm 72:1  Give the King thy judgements, O God: and thy righteousness unto the King's son.
Psalm 72:2  Then shall he judge thy people according unto right: and defend the poor.
Psalm 72:3  The mountains also shall bring peace: and the little hills righteousness unto the people.
Psalm 72:4  He shall keep the simple folk by their right; defend the children of the poor, and punish the wrong-doer.
Psalm 72:5  They shall fear thee, as long as the sun and moon endureth: from one generation to another.
Psalm 72:6  He shall come down like the rain into a fleece of wool: even as the drops that water the earth.
Psalm 72:7  In his time shall the righteous flourish: yea, and abundance of peace, so long as the moon endureth.
Psalm 72:8  His dominion shall be also from the one sea to the other: and from the flood unto the world's end.
Psalm 72:9  They that dwell in the wilderness shall kneel before him: his enemies shall lick the dust.
Psalm 72:10  The kings of Tharsis and of the isles shall give presents: the kings of Arabia and Saba shall bring gifts.
Psalm 72:11  All kings shall fall down before him: all nations shall do him service.
Psalm 72:12  For he shall deliver the poor when he crieth: the needy also, and him that hath no helper.
Psalm 72:13  He shall be favourable to the simple and needy: and shall preserve the souls of the poor.
Psalm 72:14  He shall deliver their souls from falsehood and wrong: and dear shall their blood be in his sight.
Psalm 72:15  He shall live, and unto him shall be given of the gold of Arabia: prayer shall be made ever unto him, and daily shall he be praised.
Psalm 72:16  There shall be an heap of corn in the earth, high upon the hills: his fruit shall shake like Libanus, and shall be green in the city like grass upon the earth.
Psalm 72:17  His Name shall endure for ever, his Name shall remain under the sun among the posterities: which shall be blessed through him, and all the heathen shall praise him.
Psalm 72:18  Blessed be the Lord God, even the God of Israel: which only doeth wondrous things;
Psalm 72:19  And blessed be the Name of his majesty for ever: and all the earth shall be filled with his majesty. Amen, Amen.
Psalm 73:1  Truly God is loving unto Israel: even unto such as are of a clean heart.
Psalm 73:2  Nevertheless, my feet were almost gone: my treadings had well-nigh slipt.
Psalm 73:3  And why? I was grieved at the wicked: I do also see the ungodly in such prosperity.
Psalm 73:4  For they are in no peril of death: but are lusty and strong.
Psalm 73:5  They come in no misfortune like other folk: neither are they plagued like other men.
Psalm 73:6  And this is the cause that they are so holden with pride: and overwhelmed with cruelty.
Psalm 73:7  Their eyes swell with fatness: and they do even what they lust.
Psalm 73:8  They corrupt other, and speak of wicked blasphemy: their talking is against the most High.
Psalm 73:9  For they stretch forth their mouth unto the heaven: and their tongue goeth through the world.
Psalm 73:10  Therefore fall the people unto them: and thereout suck they no small advantage.
Psalm 73:11  Tush, say they, how should God perceive it: is there knowledge in the most High?
Psalm 73:12  Lo, these are the ungodly, these prosper in the world, and these have riches in possession:
Psalm 73:13  And I said, Then have I cleansed my heart in vain, and washed my hands in innocency.
Psalm 73:14  All the day long have I been punished: and chastened every morning.
Psalm 73:15  Yea, and I had almost said even as they: but lo, then I should have condemned the gene ration of thy children.
Psalm 73:16  Then thought I to understand this: but it was too hard for me,
Psalm 73:17  Until I went into the sanctuary of God: then understood I the end of these men;
Psalm 73:18  Namely, how thou dost set them in slippery places: and castest them down, and destroyest them.
Psalm 73:19  O how suddenly do they consume: perish, and come to a fearful end!
Psalm 73:20  Yea, even like as a dream when one awaketh: so shalt thou make their image to vanish out of the city.
Psalm 73:21  Thus my heart was grieved: and it went even through my reins.
Psalm 73:22  So foolish was I, and ignorant: even as it were a beast before thee.
Psalm 73:23  Nevertheless, I am alway by thee: for thou hast holden me by my right hand.
Psalm 73:24  Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel: and after that receive me with glory.
Psalm 73:25  Whom have I in heaven but thee: and there is none upon earth that I desire in comparison of thee.
Psalm 73:26  My flesh and my heart faileth: but God is the strength of my heart, and my portion for ever.
Psalm 73:27  For lo, they that forsake thee shall perish: thou hast destroyed all them that commit fornication against thee.
Psalm 73:28  But it is good for me to hold me fast by God, to put my trust in the Lord God: and to speak of all thy works in the gates of the daughter of Sion.
Psalm 74:1  O God, wherefore art thou absent from us so long: why is thy wrath so hot against the sheep of thy pasture?
Psalm 74:2  O think upon thy congregation: whom thou hast purchased and redeemed of old. Think upon the tribe of thine inheritance: and Mount Sion, wherein thou hast dwelt.
Psalm 74:3  Lift up thy feet, that thou mayest utterly destroy every enemy: which hath done evil in thy sanctuary.
Psalm 74:4  Thine adversaries roar in the midst of thy congregations: and set up their banners for tokens.
Psalm 74:5  He that hewed timber afore out of the thick trees: was known to bring it to an excellent work.
Psalm 74:6  But now they break down all the carved work thereof: with axes and hammers.
Psalm 74:7  They have set fire upon thy holy places: and have defiled the dwelling-place of thy Name, even unto the ground.
Psalm 74:8  Yea, they said in their hearts, Let us make havock of them altogether: thus have they burnt up all the houses of God in the land.
Psalm 74:9  We see not our tokens, there is not one prophet more: no, not one is there among us, that understandeth any more.
Psalm 74:10  O God, how long shall the adversary do this dishonour: how long shall the enemy blaspheme thy Name, for ever?
Psalm 74:11  Why withdrawest thou thy hand: why pluckest thou not thy right hand out of thy bosom to consume the enemy?
Psalm 74:12  For God is my King of old: the help that is done upon earth he doeth it himself.
Psalm 74:13  Thou didst divide the sea through thy power: thou brakest the heads of the dragons in the waters.
Psalm 74:14  Thou smotest the heads of leviathan in pieces: and gavest him to be meat for the people in the wilderness.
Psalm 74:15  Thou broughtest out fountains and waters out of the hard rocks: thou driedst up mighty waters.
Psalm 74:16  The day is thine, and the night is thine: thou hast prepared the light and the sun.
Psalm 74:17  Thou hast set all the borders of the earth: thou hast made summer and winter.
Psalm 74:18  Remember this, O Lord, how the enemy hath rebuked: and how the foolish people hath blasphemed thy Name.
Psalm 74:19  O deliver not the soul of thy turtle-dove unto the multitude of the enemies: and forget not the congregation of the poor for ever,
Psalm 74:20  Look upon the covenant: for all the earth is full of darkness and cruel habitations.
Psalm 74:21  O let not the simple go away ashamed: but let the poor and needy give praise unto thy Name.
Psalm 74:22  Arise, O God, maintain thine own cause: remember how the foolish man blasphemeth thee daily.
Psalm 74:23  Forget not the voice of thine enemies: the presumption of them that hate thee increaseth ever more and more.
Psalm 75:1  Unto thee, O God, do we give thanks: yea, unto thee do we give thanks. Thy Name also is so nigh: and that do thy wondrous works declare.
Psalm 75:2  When I receive the congregation: I shall judge according unto right.
Psalm 75:3  The earth is weak, and all the inhabiters thereof: I bear up the pillars of it.
Psalm 75:4  I said unto the fools, Deal not so madly: and to the ungodly, Set not up your horn.
Psalm 75:5  Set not up your horn on high: and speak not with a stiff neck.
Psalm 75:6  For promotion cometh neither from the east, nor from the west: nor yet from the south.
Psalm 75:7  And why? God is the Judge: he putteth down one, and setteth up another.
Psalm 75:8  For in the hand of the Lord there is a cup, and the wine is red: it is full mixed, and he poureth out of the same. As for the dregs thereof: all the ungodly of the earth shall drink them, and suck them out.
Psalm 75:9  But I will talk of the God of Jacob: and praise him for ever.
Psalm 75:10  All the horns of the ungodly also will I break: and the horns of the righteous shall be exalted.
Psalm 76:1  In Jewry is God known: his Name is great in Israel.
Psalm 76:2  At Salem is his tabernacle: and his dwelling in Sion.
Psalm 76:3  There brake he the arrows of the bow: the shield, the sword, and the battle.
Psalm 76:4  Thou art of more honour and might: than the hills of the robbers.
Psalm 76:5  The proud are robbed, they have slept their sleep: and all the men whose hands were mighty have found nothing.
Psalm 76:6  At thy rebuke, O God of Jacob: both the chariot and horse are fallen.
Psalm 76:7  Thou, even thou art to be feared: and who may stand in thy sight when thou art angry?
Psalm 76:8  Thou didst cause thy judgement to be heard from heaven: the earth trembled, and was still;
Psalm 76:9  When God arose to judgement: and to help all the meek upon earth.
Psalm 76:10  The fierceness of man shall turn to thy praise: and the fierceness of them shalt thou refrain.
Psalm 76:11  Promise unto the Lord your God, and keep it, all ye that are round about him: bring presents unto him that ought to be feared.
Psalm 76:12  He shall refrain the spirit of princes: and is wonderful among the kings of the earth.
Psalm 77:1  I will cry unto God with my voice: even unto God will I cry with my voice, and he shall hearken unto me.
Psalm 77:2  In the time of my trouble I sought the Lord: my sore ran and ceased not in the night-season; my soul refused comfort.
Psalm 77:3  When I am in heaviness, I will think upon God: when my heart is vexed, I will complain.
Psalm 77:4  Thou boldest mine eyes waking: I am so feeble, that I cannot speak.
Psalm 77:5  I have considered the days of old: and the years that are past.
Psalm 77:6  I call to remembrance my song: and in the night I commune with mine own heart, and search out my spirit.
Psalm 77:7  Will the Lord absent himself for ever: and will he be no more intreated?
Psalm 77:8  Is his mercy clean gone for ever: and is his promise come utterly to an end for evermore?
Psalm 77:9  Hath God forgotten to be gracious: and will he shut up his loving-kindness in displeasure?
Psalm 77:10  And I said, It is mine own infirmity: but I will remember the years of the right hand of the most Highest.
Psalm 77:11  I will remember the works of the Lord: and call to mind thy wonders of old time.
Psalm 77:12  I will think also of all thy works: and my talking shall be of thy doings.
Psalm 77:13  Thy way, O God, is holy: who is so great a God as our God?
Psalm 77:14  Thou art the God that doeth wonders: and hast declared thy power among the people.
Psalm 77:15  Thou hast mightily delivered thy people: even the sons of Jacob and Joseph.
Psalm 77:16  The waters saw thee, O God, the waters saw thee, and were afraid: the depths also were troubled.
Psalm 77:17  The clouds poured out water, the air thundered: and thine arrows went abroad.
Psalm 77:18  The voice of thy thunder was heard round about: the lightnings shone upon the ground; the earth was moved, and shook withal.
Psalm 77:19  Thy way is in the sea, and thy paths in the great waters: and thy footsteps are not known.
Psalm 77:20  Thou leddest thy people like sheep: by the hand of Moses and Aaron.
Psalm 78:1  Hear my law, O my people: incline your ears unto the words of my mouth.
Psalm 78:2  I will open my mouth in a parable: I will declare hard sentences of old;
Psalm 78:3  Which we have heard and known: and such as our fathers have told us;
Psalm 78:4  That we should not hide them from the children of the generations to come: but to shew the honour of the Lord, his mighty and wonderful works that he hath done.
Psalm 78:5  He made a covenant with Jacob, and gave Israel a law: which he commanded our forefathers to teach their children;
Psalm 78:6  That their posterity might know it: and the children which were yet unborn; To the intent that when they came up: they might shew their children the same;
Psalm 78:7  That they might put their trust in God: and not to forget the works of God, but to keep his commandments;
Psalm 78:8  And not to be as their forefathers, a faithless and stubborn generation: a generation that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit cleaveth not stedfastly unto God;
Psalm 78:9  Like as the children of Ephraim: who being harnessed, and carrying bows, turned themselves back in the day of battle.
Psalm 78:10  They kept not the covenant of God: and would not walk in his law;
Psalm 78:11  But forgat what he had done: and the wonderful works that he had shewed for them.
Psalm 78:12  Marvellous things did he in the sight of our forefathers, in the land of Egypt: even in the field of Zoan.
Psalm 78:13  He divided the sea, and let them go through: he made the waters to stand on an heap.
Psalm 78:14  In the day-time also he led them with a cloud: and all the night through with a light of fire.
Psalm 78:15  He clave the hard rocks in the wilderness: and gave them drink thereof, as it had been out of the great depth.
Psalm 78:16  He brought waters out of the stony rock: so that it gushed out like the rivers.
Psalm 78:17  Yet for all this they sinned more against him: and provoked the most Highest in the wilderness.
Psalm 78:18  They tempted God in their hearts: and required meat for their lust.
Psalm 78:19  They spake against God also, saying: Shall God prepare a table in the wilderness?
Psalm 78:20  He smote the stony rock indeed, that the waters gushed out, and the streams flowed withal: but can he give bread also, or provide flesh for his people?
Psalm 78:21  When the Lord heard this, he was wroth: so the fire was kindled in Jacob, and there came up heavy displeasure against Israel;
Psalm 78:22  Because they believed not in God: and put not their trust in his help.
Psalm 78:23  So he commanded the clouds above: and opened the doors of heaven.
Psalm 78:24  He rained down manna also upon them for to eat: and gave them food from heaven.
Psalm 78:25  So man did eat angels food: for he sent them meat enough.
Psalm 78:26  He caused the east-wind to blow under heaven: and through his power he brought in the south-west-wind.
Psalm 78:27  He rained flesh upon them as thick as dust: and feathered fowls like as the sand of the sea.
Psalm 78:28  He let it fall among their tents: even round about their habitation.
Psalm 78:29  So they did eat and were well filled, for he gave them their own desire:
Psalm 78:30  They were not disappointed of their lust. But while the meat was yet in their mouths,
Psalm 78:31  The heavy wrath of God came upon them, and slew the wealthiest of them: yea, and smote down the chosen men that were in Israel.
Psalm 78:32  But for all this they sinned yet more: and believed not his wondrous works.
Psalm 78:33  Therefore their days did he consume in vanity: and their years in trouble.
Psalm 78:34  When he slew them, they sought him: and turned them early, and inquired after God.
Psalm 78:35  And they remembered that God was their strength: and that the high God was their redeemer.
Psalm 78:36  Nevertheless, they did but flatter him with their mouth: and dissembled with him in their tongue.
Psalm 78:37  For their heart was not whole with him: neither continued they stedfast in his covenant.
Psalm 78:38  But he was so merciful, that he forgave their misdeeds: and destroyed them not. Yea, many a time turned he his wrath away: and would not suffer his whole displeasure to arise.
Psalm 78:39  For he considered that they were but flesh: and that they were even a wind that passeth away, and cometh not again.
Psalm 78:40  Many a time did they provoke him in the wilderness: and grieved him in the desert.
Psalm 78:41  They turned back, and tempted God: and moved the Holy One in Israel.
Psalm 78:42  They thought not of his hand: and of the day when he delivered them from the hand of the enemy;
Psalm 78:43  How he had wrought his miracles in Egypt: and his wonders in the field of Zoan.
Psalm 78:44  He turned their waters into blood: so that they might not drink of the rivers.
Psalm 78:45  He sent lice among them, and devoured them up: and frogs to destroy them.
Psalm 78:46  He gave their fruit unto the caterpillar: and their labour unto the grasshopper.
Psalm 78:47  He destroyed their vines with hail-stones: and their mulberry-trees with the frost.
Psalm 78:48  He smote their cattle also with hail-stones: and their flocks with hot thunderbolts.
Psalm 78:49  He cast upon them the furiousness of his wrath, anger, displeasure, and trouble: and sent evil angels among them.
Psalm 78:50  He made a way to his indignation, and spared not their soul from death: but gave their life over to the pestilence;
Psalm 78:51  And smote all the first-born in Egypt: the most principal and mightiest in the dwellings of Ham.
Psalm 78:52  But as for his own people, he led them forth like sheep: and carried them in the wilderness like a flock.
Psalm 78:53  He brought them out safely, that they should not fear: and overwhelmed their enemies with the sea.
Psalm 78:54  And brought them within the borders of his sanctuary: even to his mountain which he purchased with his right hand.
Psalm 78:55  He cast out the heathen also before them: caused their land to be divided among them for an heritage, and made the tribes of Israel to dwell in their tents.
Psalm 78:56  So they tempted and displeased the most high God: and kept not his testimonies;
Psalm 78:57  But turned their backs, and fell away like their forefathers: starting aside like a broken bow.
Psalm 78:58  For they grieved him with their hill-altars: and provoked him to displeasure with their images.
Psalm 78:59  When God heard this, he was wroth: and took sore displeasure at Israel.
Psalm 78:60  So that he forsook the tabernacle in Silo: even the tent that he had pitched among men.
Psalm 78:61  He delivered their power into captivity: and their beauty into the enemy's hand.
Psalm 78:62  He gave his people over also unto the sword: and was wroth with his inheritance.
Psalm 78:63  The fire consumed their young men: and their maidens were not given to marriage.
Psalm 78:64  Their priests were slain with the sword: and there were no widows to make lamentation.
Psalm 78:65  So the Lord awaked as one out of sleep: and like a giant refreshed with wine.
Psalm 78:66  He smote his enemies in the hinder parts: and put them to a perpetual shame.
Psalm 78:67  He refused the tabernacle of Joseph: and chose not the tribe of Ephraim;
Psalm 78:68  But chose the tribe of Judah: even the hill of Sion which he loved.
Psalm 78:69  And there he built his temple on high: and laid the foundation of it like the ground which he hath made continually.
Psalm 78:70  He chose David also his servant: and took him away from the sheep-folds.
Psalm 78:71  As he was following the ewes great with young ones he took him: that he might feed Jacob his people, and Israel his inheritance.
Psalm 78:72  So he fed them with a faithful and true heart: and ruled them prudently with all his power.
Psalm 79:1  O God, the heathen are come into thine inheritance: thy holy temple have they defiled, and made Jerusalem an heap of stones.
Psalm 79:2  The dead bodies of thy servants have they given to be meat unto the fowls of the air: and the flesh of thy saints unto the beasts of the land.
Psalm 79:3  Their blood have they shed like water on every side of Jerusalem: and there was no man to bury them.
Psalm 79:4  We are become an open shame to our enemies: a very scorn and derision unto them that are round about us.
Psalm 79:5  Lord, how long wilt thou be angry: shall thy jealousy burn like fire for ever?
Psalm 79:6  Pour out thine indignation upon the heathen that have not known thee: and upon the kingdoms that have not called upon thy Name.
Psalm 79:7  For they have devoured Jacob: and laid waste his dwelling-place.
Psalm 79:8  O remember not our old sins, but have mercy upon us, and that soon: for we are come to great misery.
Psalm 79:9  Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of thy Name: O deliver us, and be merciful unto our sins, for thy Name's sake.
Psalm 79:10  Wherefore do the heathen say: Where is now their God? O let the vengeance of thy servants blood that is shed: be openly shewed upon the heathen in our sight.
Psalm 79:11  O let the sorrowful sighing of the prisoners come before thee: according to the greatness of thy power, preserve thou those that are appointed to die.
Psalm 79:12  And for the blasphemy wherewith our neighbours have blasphemed thee: reward thou them, O Lord, seven-fold into their bosom.
Psalm 79:13  So we, that are thy people, and sheep of thy pasture, shall give thee thanks for ever: and will alway be shewing forth thy praise from generation to generation.
Psalm 80:1  Hear, O thou Shepherd of Israel, thou that leadest Joseph like a sheep: shew thyself also, thou that sittest upon the cherubims.
Psalm 80:2  Before Ephraim, Benjamin, and Manasses: stir up thy strength, and come and help us.
Psalm 80:3  Turn us again, O God: shew the light of thy countenance, and we shall be whole.
Psalm 80:4  O Lord God of hosts: how long wilt thou be angry with thy people that prayeth?
Psalm 80:5  Thou feedest them with the bread of tears: and givest them plenteousness of tears to drink.
Psalm 80:6  Thou hast made us a very strife unto our neighbours: and our enemies laugh us to scorn.
Psalm 80:7  Turn us again, thou God of hosts: shew the light of thy countenance, and we shall be whole.
Psalm 80:8  Thou hast brought a vine out of Egypt: thou hast cast out the heathen, and planted it.
Psalm 80:9  Thou madest room for it: and when it had taken root it filled the land.
Psalm 80:10  The hills were covered with the shadow of it: and the boughs thereof were like the goodly cedar-trees.
Psalm 80:11  She stretched out her branches unto the sea: and her boughs unto the river.
Psalm 80:12  Why hast thou then broken down her hedge: that all they that go by pluck off her grapes?
Psalm 80:13  The wild boar out of the wood doth root it up: and the wild beasts of the field devour it.
Psalm 80:14  Turn thee again, thou God of hosts, look down from heaven: behold, and visit this vine;
Psalm 80:15  And the place of the vineyard that thy right hand hath planted: and the branch that thou madest so strong for thyself.
Psalm 80:16  It is burnt with fire, and cut down: and they shall perish at the rebuke of thy countenance.
Psalm 80:17  Let thy hand be upon the man of thy right hand: and upon the son of man, whom thou madest so strong for thine own self.
Psalm 80:18  And so will not we go back from thee: O let us live, and we shall call upon thy Name.
Psalm 80:19  Turn us again, O Lord God of hosts: shew the light of thy countenance, and we shall be whole.
Psalm 81:1  Sing we merrily unto God our strength: make a cheerful noise unto the God of Jacob.
Psalm 81:2  Take the psalm, bring hither the tabret: the merry harp with the lute.
Psalm 81:3  Blow up the trumpet in the new-moon: even in the time appointed, and upon our solemn feast-day.
Psalm 81:4  For this was made a statute for Israel: and a law of the God of Jacob.
Psalm 81:5  This he ordained in Joseph for a testimony: when he came out of the land of Egypt, and had heard a strange language.
Psalm 81:6  I eased his shoulder from the burden: and his hands were delivered from making the pots.
Psalm 81:7  Thou calledst upon me in troubles, and I delivered thee: and heard thee what time as the storm fell upon thee. I proved thee also: at the waters of strife.
Psalm 81:8  Hear, O my people, and I will assure thee, O Israel: if thou wilt hearken unto me,
Psalm 81:9  There shall no strange god be in thee: neither shalt thou worship any other god.
Psalm 81:10  I am the Lord thy God, who brought thee out of the land of Egypt: open thy mouth wide, and I shall fill it.
Psalm 81:11  But my people would not hear my voice: and Israel would not obey me.
Psalm 81:12  So I gave them up unto their own hearts' lusts: and let them follow their own imaginations.
Psalm 81:13  O that my people would have hearkened unto me: for if Israel had walked in my ways,
Psalm 81:14  I should soon have put down their enemies: and turned my hand against their adversaries.
Psalm 81:15  The haters of the Lord should have been found liars: but their time should have endured for ever.
Psalm 81:16  He should have fed them also with the finest wheat-flour: and with honey out of the stony rock should I have satisfied thee.
Psalm 82:1  God standeth in the congregation of princes: he is a Judge among gods.
Psalm 82:2  How long will ye give wrong judgement: and accept the persons of the ungodly?
Psalm 82:3  Defend the poor and fatherless: see that such as are in need and necessity have right.
Psalm 82:4  Deliver the outcast and poor: save them from the hand of the ungodly.
Psalm 82:5  They will not be learned nor understand, but walk on still in darkness: all the foundations of the earth are out of course.
Psalm 82:6  I have said, Ye are gods: and ye are all the children of the most Highest.
Psalm 82:7  But ye shall die like men: and fall like one of the princes.
Psalm 82:8  Arise, O God, and judge thou the earth: for thou shalt take all heathen to thine inheritance.
Psalm 83:1  Hold not thy tongue, O God, keep not still silence: refrain not thyself, O God.
Psalm 83:2  For lo, thine enemies make a murmuring: and they that hate thee have lift up their head.
Psalm 83:3  They have imagined craftily against thy people's and taken counsel against thy secret ones.
Psalm 83:4  They have said, Come, and let us root them out, that they be no more a people: and that the name of Israel may be no more in remembrance.
Psalm 83:5  For they have cast their heads together with one consent: and are confederate against thee;
Psalm 83:6  The tabernacles of the Edomites, and the Ismaelites: the Moabites and Hagarenes;
Psalm 83:7  Gebal, and Ammon, and Amalek: the Philistines, with them that dwell at Tyre.
Psalm 83:8  Assur also is joined with them: and have holpen the children of Lot.
Psalm 83:9  But do thou to them as unto the Madianites: unto Sisera, and unto Jabin at the brook of Kison;
Psalm 83:10  Who perished at Endor: and became as the dung of the earth.
Psalm 83:11  Make them and their princes like Oreb and Zeb: yea, make all their princes like as Zeba and Salmana;
Psalm 83:12  Who say, Let us take to ourselves: the houses of God in possession.
Psalm 83:13  O my God, make them like unto a wheel: and as the stubble before the wind;
Psalm 83:14  Like as the fire that burneth up the wood: and as the flame that consumeth the mountains.
Psalm 83:15  Persecute them even so with thy tempest: and make them afraid with thy storm.
Psalm 83:16  Make their faces ashamed, O Lord: that they may seek thy Name.
Psalm 83:17  Let them be confounded and vexed ever more and more: let them be put to shame, and perish.
Psalm 83:18  And they shall know that thou, whose Name is Jehovah: art only the most Highest over all the earth.
Psalm 84:1  O how amiable are thy dwellings: thou Lord of hosts!
Psalm 84:2  My soul hath a desire and longing to enter into the courts of the Lord: my heart and my flesh rejoice in the living God.
Psalm 84:3  Yea, the sparrow hath found her an house, and the swallow a nest where she may lay her young: even thy altars, O Lord of hosts, my King and my God.
Psalm 84:4  Blessed are they that dwell in thy house: they will be alway praising thee.
Psalm 84:5  Blessed is the man whose strength is in thee: in whose heart are thy ways.
Psalm 84:6  Who going through the vale of misery use it for a well: and the pools are filled with water.
Psalm 84:7  They will go from strength to strength: and unto the God of gods appeareth every one of them in Sion.
Psalm 84:8  O Lord God of hosts, hear my prayer: hearken, O God of Jacob.
Psalm 84:9  Behold, O God our defender: and look upon the face of thine Anointed.
Psalm 84:10  For one day in thy courts: is better than a thousand. I had rather be a door-keeper in the house of my God: than to dwell in the tents of ungodliness.
Psalm 84:11  For the Lord God is a light and defence: the Lord will give grace and worship, and no good thing shall he withhold from them that live a godly life.
Psalm 84:12  O Lord God of hosts: blessed is the man that putteth his trust in thee.
Psalm 85:1  Lord, thou art become gracious unto thy  land: thou hast turned away the captivity of Jacob.
Psalm 85:2  Thou hast forgiven the offence of thy people: and covered all their sins.
Psalm 85:3  Thou hast taken away all thy displeasure: and turned thyself from thy wrathful indignation.
Psalm 85:4  Turn us then, O God our Saviour: and let thine anger cease from us.
Psalm 85:5  Wilt thou be displeased at us for ever: and wilt thou stretch out thy wrath from one generation to another?
Psalm 85:6  Wilt thou not turn again, and quicken us: that thy people may rejoice in thee?
Psalm 85:7  Shew us thy mercy, O Lord: and grant us thy salvation.
Psalm 85:8  I will hearken what the Lord God will say concerning me: for he shall speak peace unto his people, and to his saints, that they turn not again.
Psalm 85:9  For his salvation is nigh them that fear him: that glory may dwell in our land.
Psalm 85:10  Mercy and truth are met together: righteousness  and peace have kissed each other.
Psalm 85:11  Truth shall flourish out of the earth: and righteousness hath looked down from heaven.
Psalm 85:12  Yea, the Lord shall shew loving-kindness: and our land shall give her increase.
Psalm 85:13  Righteousness shall go before him: and he shall direct his going in the way.
Psalm 86:1  Bow down thine ear, O Lord, and hear me: for I am poor, and in misery.
Psalm 86:2  Preserve thou my soul, for I am holy: my God, save thy servant that putteth his trust in thee.
Psalm 86:3  Be merciful unto me, O Lord: for I will call daily upon thee.
Psalm 86:4  Comfort the soul of thy servant: for unto thee, O Lord, do I lift up my soul.
Psalm 86:5  For thou, Lord, art good and gracious: and of great mercy unto all them that call upon thee.
Psalm 86:6  Give ear, Lord, unto my prayer: and ponder the voice of my humble desires.
Psalm 86:7  In the time of my trouble I will call upon thee: for thou hearest me.
Psalm 86:8  Among the gods there is none like unto thee, O Lord: there is not one that can do as thou doest.
Psalm 86:9  All nations whom thou hast made shall come and worship thee, O Lord: and shall glorify thy Name.
Psalm 86:10  For thou art great, and doest wondrous things: thou art God alone.
Psalm 86:11  Teach me thy way, O Lord, and I will walk in thy truth: O knit my heart unto thee, that I may fear thy Name.
Psalm 86:12  I will thank thee, O Lord my God, with all my heart: and will praise thy Name for evermore.
Psalm 86:13  For great is thy mercy toward me: and thou hast delivered my soul from the nethermost hell.
Psalm 86:14  O God, the proud are risen against me: and the congregations of naughty men have sought after my soul, and have not set thee before their eyes.
Psalm 86:15  But thou, O Lord God, art full of compassion and mercy: long-suffering, plenteous in goodness and truth.
Psalm 86:16  O turn thee then unto me, and have mercy upon me: give thy strength unto thy servant, and help the son of thine handmaid.
Psalm 86:17  Shew some token upon me for good, that they who hate me may see it and be ashamed: because thou, Lord, hast holpen me and comforted me.
Psalm 87:1  Her foundations are upon the holy hills:
Psalm 87:2  The Lord loveth the gates of Sion more than all the dwellings of Jacob.
Psalm 87:3  Very excellent things are spoken of thee: thou city of God.
Psalm 87:4  I will think upon Rahab and Babylon: with them that know me. Behold ye the Philistines also: and they of Tyre, with the Morians; lo, there was he born.
Psalm 87:5  And of Sion it shall be reported that he was born in her: and the most High shall stablish her.
Psalm 87:6  The Lord shall rehearse it when he writeth up the people: that he was born there.
Psalm 87:7  The singers also and trumpeters shall he rehearse: All my fresh springs shall be in thee.
Psalm 88:1  O Lord God of my salvation, I have cried day and night before thee:
Psalm 88:2  O let my prayer enter into thy presence, incline thine ear unto my calling.
Psalm 88:3  For my soul is full of trouble: and my life draweth nigh unto hell.
Psalm 88:4  I am counted as one of them that go down into the pit: and I have been even as a man that hath no strength.
Psalm 88:5  Free among the dead, like unto them that are wounded, and lie in the grave: who are out of remembrance, and are cut away from thy hand.
Psalm 88:6  Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit: in a place of darkness, and in the deep.
Psalm 88:7  Thine indignation lieth hard upon me: and thou hast vexed me with all thy storms.
Psalm 88:8  Thou hast put away mine acquaintance far from me: and made me to be abhorred of them. I am so fast in prison: that I cannot get forth.
Psalm 88:9  My sight faileth for very trouble: Lord, I have called daily upon thee, I have stretched forth my hands unto thee.
Psalm 88:10  Dost thou shew wonders among the dead: or shall the dead rise up again, and praise thee?
Psalm 88:11  Shall thy loving-kindness be shewed in the grave: or thy faithfulness in destruction?
Psalm 88:12  Shall thy wondrous works be known in the dark: and thy righteousness in the land where all things are forgotten?
Psalm 88:13  Unto thee have I cried, O Lord: and early shall my prayer come before thee.
Psalm 88:14  Lord, why abhorrest thou my soul: and hidest thou thy face from me?
Psalm 88:15  I am in misery, and like unto him that is at the point to die: even from my youth up thy terrors have I suffered with a troubled mind.
Psalm 88:16  Thy wrathful displeasure goeth over me: and the fear of thee hath undone me.
Psalm 88:17  They came round about me daily like water: and compassed me together on every side.
Psalm 88:18  My lovers and friends hast thou put away from me: and hid mine acquaintance out of my sight.
Psalm 89:1  My song shall be alway of the loving-kindness of the Lord: with my mouth will I ever be shewing thy truth from one generation to another.
Psalm 89:2  For I have said, Mercy shall be set up for ever: thy truth shalt thou stablish in the heavens.
Psalm 89:3  I have made a covenant with my chosen: I have sworn unto David my servant;
Psalm 89:4  Thy seed will I stablish for ever: and set up thy throne from one generation to another.
Psalm 89:5  O Lord, the very heavens shall praise thy wondrous works: and thy truth in the congregation of the saints.
Psalm 89:6  For who is he among the clouds: that shall be compared unto the Lord? And what is he among the gods: that shall be like unto the Lord?
Psalm 89:7  God is very greatly to be feared in the council of the saints: and to be had in reverence of all them that are round about him.
Psalm 89:8  O Lord God of hosts, who is like unto thee: thy truth, most mighty Lord, is on every side.
Psalm 89:9  Thou rulest the raging of the sea: thou stillest the waves thereof when they arise.
Psalm 89:10  Thou hast subdued Egypt, and destroyed it: thou hast scattered thine enemies abroad with thy mighty arm.
Psalm 89:11  The heavens are thine, the earth also is thine: thou hast laid the foundation of the round world, and all that therein is.
Psalm 89:12  Thou hast made the north and the south: Tabor and Hermon shall rejoice in thy Name.
Psalm 89:13  Thou hast a mighty arm: strong is thy hand, and high is thy right hand.
Psalm 89:14  Righteousness and equity are the habitation of thy seat: mercy and truth shall go before thy face.
Psalm 89:15  Blessed is the people, O Lord, that can rejoice in thee: they shall walk in the light of thy countenance.
Psalm 89:16  Their delight shall be daily in thy Name: and in thy righteousness shall they make their boast.
Psalm 89:17  For thou art the glory of their strength: and in thy loving-kindness thou shalt lift up our horns.
Psalm 89:18  For the Lord is our defence: the Holy One of Israel is our King.
Psalm 89:19  Thou spakest sometime in visions unto thy saints, and saidst: I have laid help upon one that is mighty; I have exalted one chosen out of the people.
Psalm 89:20  I have found David my servant: with my holy oil have I anointed him.
Psalm 89:21  My hand shall hold him fast: and my arm shall strengthen him.
Psalm 89:22  The enemy shall not be able to do him violence: the son of wickedness shall not hurt him.
Psalm 89:23  I will smite down his foes before his face: and plague them that hate him.
Psalm 89:24  My truth also and my mercy shall be with him: and in my Name shall his horn be exalted.
Psalm 89:25  I will set his dominion also in the sea: and his right hand in the floods.
Psalm 89:26  He shall call me, Thou art my Father: my God, and my strong salvation.
Psalm 89:27  And I will make him my first-born: higher than the kings of the earth.
Psalm 89:28  My mercy will I keep for him for evermore: and my covenant shall stand fast with him.
Psalm 89:29  His seed also will I make to endure for ever: and his throne as the days of heaven.
Psalm 89:30  But if his children forsake my law: and walk not in my judgements;
Psalm 89:31  If they break my statutes, and keep not my commandments:
Psalm 89:32  I will visit their offences with the rod, and their sin with scourges.
Psalm 89:33  Nevertheless, my loving-kindness will I not utterly take from him: nor suffer my truth to fail.
Psalm 89:34  My covenant will I not break, nor alter the thing that is gone out of my lips:
Psalm 89:35  I have sworn once by my holiness, that I will not fail David.
Psalm 89:36  His seed shall endure for ever: and his seat is like as the sun before me.
Psalm 89:37  He shall stand fast for evermore as the moon: and as the faithful witness in heaven.
Psalm 89:38  But thou hast abhorred and forsaken thine Anointed: and art displeased at him.
Psalm 89:39  Thou hast broken the covenant of thy servant: and cast his crown to the ground.
Psalm 89:40  Thou hast overthrown all his hedges: and broken down his strong holds.
Psalm 89:41  All they that go by spoil him: and he is become a reproach to his neighbours.
Psalm 89:42  Thou hast set up the right hand of his enemies: and made all his adversaries to rejoice.
Psalm 89:43  Thou hast taken away the edge of his sword: and givest him not victory in the battle.
Psalm 89:44  Thou hast put out his glory: and cast his throne down to the ground.
Psalm 89:45  The days of his youth hast thou shortened: and covered him with dishonour.
Psalm 89:46  Lord, how long wilt thou hide thyself, for ever: and shall thy wrath burn like fire?
Psalm 89:47  O remember how short my time is: where fore hast thou made all men for nought?
Psalm 89:48  What man is he that liveth, and shall not see death: and shall he deliver his soul from the hand of hell?
Psalm 89:49  Lord, where are thy old loving-kindnesses: which thou swarest unto David in thy truth?
Psalm 89:50  Remember, Lord, the rebuke that thy servants have: and how I do bear in my bosom the rebukes of many people;
Psalm 89:51  Wherewith thine enemies have blasphemed thee, and slandered the footsteps of thine Anointed:
Psalm 89:52  Praised be the Lord for evermore. Amen, and Amen.
Psalm 90:1  Lord, thou hast been our refuge: from one generation to another.
Psalm 90:2  Before the mountains were brought forth, or ever the earth and the world were made: thou art God from everlasting, and world without end.
Psalm 90:3  Thou turnest man to destruction: again thou sayest, Come again, ye children of men.
Psalm 90:4  For a thousand years in thy sight are but as yesterday: seeing that is past as a watch in the night.
Psalm 90:5  As soon as thou scatterest them they are even as a sleep: and fade away suddenly like the grass.
Psalm 90:6  In the morning it is green, and groweth up: but in the evening it is cut down, dried up, and withered.
Psalm 90:7  For we consume away in thy displeasure: and are afraid at thy wrathful indignation.
Psalm 90:8  Thou hast set our misdeeds before thee: and our secret sins in the light of thy countenance.
Psalm 90:9  For when thou art angry all our days are gone: we bring our years to an end, as it were a tale that is told.
Psalm 90:10  The days of our age are threescore years and ten; and though men be so strong that they come to fourscore years: yet is their strength then but labour and sorrow; so soon passeth it away, and we are gone.
Psalm 90:11  But who regardeth the power of thy wrath: for even thereafter as a man feareth, so is thy displeasure.
Psalm 90:12  So teach us to number our days: that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom.
Psalm 90:13  Turn thee again, O Lord, at the last: and be gracious unto thy servants.
Psalm 90:14  O satisfy us with thy mercy, and that soon: so shall we rejoice and be glad all the days of our life.
Psalm 90:15  Comfort us again now after the time that thou hast plagued us: and for the years wherein we have suffered adversity.
Psalm 90:16  Shew thy servants thy work: and their children thy glory.
Psalm 90:17  And the glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us: prosper thou the work of our hands upon us, O prosper thou our handy-work.
Psalm 91:1  Whoso dwelleth under the defence of the most High: shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
Psalm 91:2  I will say unto the Lord, Thou art my hope, and my strong hold: my God, in him will I trust.
Psalm 91:3  For he shall deliver thee from the snare of the hunter: and from the noisome pestilence.
Psalm 91:4  He shall defend thee under his wings, and thou shalt be safe under his feathers: his faith fulness and truth shall be thy shield and buckler.
Psalm 91:5  Thou shalt not be afraid for any terror by night: nor for the arrow that flieth by day;
Psalm 91:6  For the pestilence that walketh in darkness: nor for the sickness that destroyeth in the noonday.
Psalm 91:7  A thousand shall fall beside thee, and ten thousand at thy right hand: but it shall not come nigh thee.
Psalm 91:8  Yea, with thine eyes shalt thou behold: and see the reward of the ungodly.
Psalm 91:9  For thou, Lord, art my hope: thou hast set thine house of defence very high.
Psalm 91:10  There shall no evil happen unto thee: neither shall any plague come nigh thy dwelling.
Psalm 91:11  For he shall give his angels charge over thee: to keep thee in all thy ways.
Psalm 91:12  They shall bear thee in their hands: that thou hurt not thy foot against a stone.
Psalm 91:13  Thou shalt go upon the lion and adder: the young lion and the dragon shalt thou tread under thy feet.
Psalm 91:14  Because he hath set his love upon me, therefore will I deliver him: I will set him up, because he hath known my Name.
Psalm 91:15  He shall call upon me, and I will hear him: yea, I am with him in trouble; I will deliver him, and bring him to honour.
Psalm 91:16  With long life will I satisfy him: and shew him my salvation.
Psalm 92:1  It is a good thing to give thanks unto the Lord: and to sing praises unto thy Name, O most Highest;
Psalm 92:2  To tell of thy loving-kindness early in the morning: and of thy truth in the night-season;
Psalm 92:3  Upon an instrument of ten strings, and upon the lute: upon a loud instrument, and upon the harp.
Psalm 92:4  For thou, Lord, hast made me glad through thy works: and I will rejoice in giving praise for the operations of thy hands.
Psalm 92:5  O Lord, how glorious are thy works: thy thoughts are very deep.
Psalm 92:6  An unwise man doth not well consider this: and a fool doth not understand it.
Psalm 92:7  When the ungodly are green as the grass, and when all the workers of wickedness do flourish: then shall they be destroyed for ever;
Psalm 92:8  But thou, Lord, art the most Highest for evermore.
Psalm 92:9  For lo, thine enemies, O Lord, lo, thine enemies shall perish: and all the workers of wickedness shall be destroyed.
Psalm 92:10  But my horn shall be exalted like the horn of an unicorn: for I am anointed with fresh oil.
Psalm 92:11  Mine eye also shall see his lust of mine enemies: and mine ear shall hear his desire of the wicked that arise up against me.
Psalm 92:12  The righteous shall flourish like a palm-tree: and shall spread abroad like a cedar in Libanus.
Psalm 92:13  Such as are planted in the house of the Lord: shall flourish in the courts of the house of our God.
Psalm 92:14  They also shall bring forth more fruit in their age: and shall be fat and well-liking.
Psalm 92:15  That they may shew how true the Lord my strength is: and that there is no unrighteousness in him.
Psalm 93:1  The Lord is King, and hath put on glorious apparel: the Lord hath put on his apparel, and girded himself with strength. He hath made the round world so sure: that it cannot be moved.
Psalm 93:2  Ever since the world began hath thy seat been prepared: thou art from everlasting.
Psalm 93:3  The floods are risen, O Lord, the floods have lift up their voice: the floods lift up their waves.
Psalm 93:4  The waves of the sea are mighty, and rage horribly: but yet the Lord, who dwelleth on high, is mightier.
Psalm 93:5  Thy testimonies, O Lord, are very sure: holiness becometh thine house for ever.
Psalm 94:1  O Lord God, to whom vengeance belongeth, thou God, to whom vengeance belongeth, shew thyself.
Psalm 94:2  Arise, thou Judge of the world: and reward the proud after their deserving.
Psalm 94:3  Lord, how long shall the ungodly: how long shall the ungodly triumph?
Psalm 94:4  How long shall all wicked doers speak so disdainfully: and make such proud boasting?
Psalm 94:5  They smite down thy people, O Lord: and trouble thine heritage.
Psalm 94:6  They murder the widow and the stranger: and put the fatherless to death.
Psalm 94:7  And yet they say, Tush, the Lord shall not see: neither shall the God of Jacob regard it.
Psalm 94:8  Take heed, ye unwise among the people: O ye fools, when will ye understand?
Psalm 94:9  He that planted the ear, shall he not hear: or he that made the eye, shall he not see?
Psalm 94:10  Or he that nurtureth the heathen: it is he that teacheth man knowledge, shall not he punish?
Psalm 94:11  The Lord knoweth the thoughts of man: that they are but vain.
Psalm 94:12  Blessed is the man whom thou chastenest, O Lord: and teachest him in thy law;
Psalm 94:13  That thou mayest give him patience in time of adversity: until the pit be digged up for the ungodly.
Psalm 94:14  For the Lord will not fail his people: neither will he forsake his inheritance;
Psalm 94:15  Until righteousness turn again unto judgement:  all such as are true in heart shall follow it.
Psalm 94:16  Who will rise up with me against the wicked: or who will take my part against the evil-doers?
Psalm 94:17  If the Lord had not helped me: it had not failed but my soul had been put to silence.
Psalm 94:18  But when I said, My foot hath slipt: thy mercy, O Lord, held me up.
Psalm 94:19  In the multitude of the sorrows that I had in my heart: thy comforts have refreshed my soul.
Psalm 94:20  Wilt thou have any thing to do with the stool of wickedness: which imagineth mischief as a law?
Psalm 94:21  They gather them together against the soul of the righteous: and condemn the innocent blood.
Psalm 94:22  But the Lord is my refuge: and my God is the strength of my confidence.
Psalm 94:23  He shall recompense them their wickedness, and destroy them in their own malice: yea, the Lord our God shall destroy them.
Psalm 95:1  O come, let us sing unto the Lord: let us heartily rejoice in the strength of our salvation.
Psalm 95:2  Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving: and shew ourselves glad in him with psalms.
Psalm 95:3  For the Lord is a great God: and a great King above all gods.
Psalm 95:4  In his hand are all the corners of the earth: and the strength of the hills is his also.
Psalm 95:5  The sea is his, and he made it: and his hands prepared the dry land.
Psalm 95:6  O come, let us worship and fall down: and kneel before the Lord our Maker.
Psalm 95:7  For he is the Lord our God: and we are the people of his pasture, and the sheep of his hand. To-day if ye will hear his voice,
Psalm 95:8  Harden not your hearts: as in the provocation, and as in the day of temptation in the wilderness;
Psalm 95:9  When your fathers tempted me: proved me, and saw my works.
Psalm 95:10  Forty years long was I grieved with this generation, and said: It is a people that do err in their hearts, for they have not known my ways;
Psalm 95:11  Unto whom I sware in my wrath: that they should not enter into my rest.
Psalm 96:1  O sing unto the Lord a new song: sing unto the Lord, all the whole earth.
Psalm 96:2  Sing unto the Lord, and praise his Name: be telling of his salvation from day to day.
Psalm 96:3  Declare his honour unto the heathen: and his wonders unto all people.
Psalm 96:4  For the Lord is great, and cannot worthily be praised: he is more to be feared than all gods.
Psalm 96:5  As for all the gods of the heathen, they are but idols: but it is the Lord that made the heavens.
Psalm 96:6  Glory and worship are before him: power and honour are in his sanctuary.
Psalm 96:7  Ascribe unto the Lord, O ye kindreds of the people: ascribe unto the Lord worship and power.
Psalm 96:8  Ascribe unto the Lord the honour due unto his Name: bring presents, and come into his courts.
Psalm 96:9  O worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness: let the whole earth stand in awe of him.
Psalm 96:10  Tell it out among the heathen that the Lord is King: and that it is he who hath made the round world so fast that it cannot be moved; and how that he shall judge the people righteously.
Psalm 96:11  Let the heavens rejoice, and let the earth be glad: let the sea make a noise, and all that therein is.
Psalm 96:12  Let the field be joyful, and all that is in it: then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice before the Lord.
Psalm 96:13  For he cometh, for he cometh to judge the earth: and with righteousness to judge the world, and the people with his truth.
Psalm 97:1  The Lord is King, the earth may be glad thereof: yea, the multitude of the isles may be glad thereof.
Psalm 97:2  Clouds and darkness are round about him: righteousness and judgement are the habitation of his seat.
Psalm 97:3  There shall go a fire before him: and burn up his enemies on every side.
Psalm 97:4  His lightnings gave shine unto the world: the earth saw it, and was afraid.
Psalm 97:5  The hills melted like wax at the presence of the Lord: at the presence of the Lord of the whole earth.
Psalm 97:6  The heavens have declared his righteousness: and all the people have seen his glory.
Psalm 97:7  Confounded be all they that worship carved images, and that delight in vain gods: worship him, all ye gods.
Psalm 97:8  Sion heard of it, and rejoiced: and the daughters of Judah were glad, because of thy judgements, O Lord.
Psalm 97:9  For thou, Lord, art higher than all that are in the earth: thou art exalted far above all gods.
Psalm 97:10  O ye that love the Lord, see that ye hate the thing which is evil: the Lord preserveth the souls of his saints; he shall deliver them from the hand of the ungodly.
Psalm 97:11  There is sprung up a light for the righteous: and joyful gladness for such as are true-hearted.
Psalm 97:12  Rejoice in the Lord, ye righteous: and give thanks for a remembrance of his holiness.
Psalm 98:1  O sing unto the Lord a new song: for he hath done marvellous things. With his own right hand, and with his holy arm: hath he gotten himself the victory.
Psalm 98:2  The Lord declared his salvation: his righteousness hath he openly shewed in the sight of the heathen.
Psalm 98:3  He hath remembered his mercy and truth toward the house of Israel: and all the ends of the world have seen the salvation of our God.
Psalm 98:4  Shew yourselves joyful unto the Lord, all ye lands: sing, rejoice, and give thanks.
Psalm 98:5  Praise the Lord upon the harp: sing to the harp with a psalm of thanksgiving.
Psalm 98:6  With trumpets also and shawms: O shew yourselves joyful before the Lord the King.
Psalm 98:7  Let the sea make a noise, and all that therein is: the round world, and they that dwell therein.
Psalm 98:8  Let the floods clap their hands, and let the hills be joyful together
Psalm 98:9  Before the Lord: for he is come to judge the earth. With righteousness shall he judge the world: and the people with equity.
Psalm 99:1  The Lord is King, be the people never so unpatient: he sitteth between the cherubims, be the earth never so unquiet.
Psalm 99:2  The Lord is great in Sion: and high above all people.
Psalm 99:3  They shall give thanks unto thy Name: which is great, wonderful, and holy.
Psalm 99:4  The King's power loveth judgement; thou hast prepared equity: thou hast executed judgement and righteousness in Jacob.
Psalm 99:5  O magnify the Lord our God: and fall down before his footstool, for he is holy.
Psalm 99:6  Moses and Aaron among his priests, and Samuel among such as call upon his Name: these called upon the Lord, and he heard them.
Psalm 99:7  He spake unto them out of the cloudy pillar: for they kept his testimonies, and the law that he gave them.
Psalm 99:8  Thou heardest them, O Lord our God: thou forgavest them, O God, and punishedst their own inventions.
Psalm 99:9  O magnify the Lord our God, and worship him upon his holy hill: for the Lord our God is holy.
Psalm 100:1  O be joyful in the Lord, all ye lands:
Psalm 100:2  Serve the Lord with gladness, and come before his presence with a song.
Psalm 100:3  Be ye sure that the Lord he is God: it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves; we are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
Psalm 100:4  O go your way into his gates with thanksgiving, and into his courts with praise: be thankful unto him, and speak good of his Name.
Psalm 100:5  For the Lord is gracious, his mercy is ever lasting: and his truth endureth from generation to generation.
Psalm 101:1  My song shall be of mercy and judgement: unto thee, O Lord, will I sing.
Psalm 101:2  O let me have understanding: in the way of godliness. When wilt thou come unto me: I will walk in my house with a perfect heart.
Psalm 101:3  I will take no wicked thing in hand; I hate the sins of unfaithfulness: there shall no such cleave unto me.
Psalm 101:4  A froward heart shall depart from me: I will not know a wicked person.
Psalm 101:5  Whoso privily slandereth his neighbour: him will I destroy. Whoso hath also a proud look and high stomach: I will not suffer him.
Psalm 101:6  Mine eyes look upon such as are faithful in the land: that they may dwell with me. Whoso leadeth a godly life: he shall be my servant.
Psalm 101:7  There shall no deceitful person dwell in my house: he that telleth lies shall not tarry in my sight.
Psalm 101:8  I shall soon destroy all the ungodly that are in the land: that I may root out all wicked doers from the city of the Lord.
Psalm 102:1  Hear my prayer, O Lord: and let my crying come unto thee.
Psalm 102:2  Hide not thy face from me in the time of my trouble: incline thine ear unto me when I call; O hear me, and that right soon.
Psalm 102:3  For my days are consumed away like smoke: and my bones are burnt up as it were a fire-brand.
Psalm 102:4  My heart is smitten down, and withered like grass: so that I forget to eat my bread.
Psalm 102:5  For the voice of my groaning: my bones will scarce cleave to my flesh.
Psalm 102:6  I am become like a pelican in the wilderness: and like an owl that is in the desert.
Psalm 102:7  I have watched, and am even as it were a sparrow: that sitteth alone upon the house-top.
Psalm 102:8  Mine enemies revile me all the day long: and they that are mad upon me are sworn together against me.
Psalm 102:9  For I have eaten ashes as it were bread: and mingled my drink with weeping;
Psalm 102:10  And that because of thine indignation and wrath: for thou hast taken me up, and cast me down.
Psalm 102:11  My days are gone like a shadow: and I am withered like grass.
Psalm 102:12  But thou, O Lord, shalt endure for ever: and thy remembrance throughout all generations.
Psalm 102:13  Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Sion: for it is time that thou have mercy upon her, yea, the time is come.
Psalm 102:14  And why? thy servants think upon her stones: and it pitieth them to see her in the dust.
Psalm 102:15  The heathen shall fear thy Name, O Lord: and all the kings of the earth thy majesty;
Psalm 102:16  When the Lord shall build up Sion: and when his glory shall appear;
Psalm 102:17  When he turneth him unto the prayer of the poor destitute: and despiseth not their desire.
Psalm 102:18  This shall be written for those that come after: and the people which shall be born shall praise the Lord.
Psalm 102:19  For he hath looked down from his sanctuary: out of the heaven did the Lord behold the earth;
Psalm 102:20  That he might hear the mournings of such as are in captivity: and deliver the children appointed unto death;
Psalm 102:21  That they may declare the Name of the Lord in Sion: and his worship at Jerusalem;
Psalm 102:22  When the people are gathered together: and the kingdoms also, to serve the Lord.
Psalm 102:23  He brought down my strength in my journey: and shortened my days.
Psalm 102:24  But I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of mine age: as for thy years, they endure throughout all generations.
Psalm 102:25  Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of thy hands.
Psalm 102:26  They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: they all shall wax old as doth a garment; And as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed: 
Psalm 102:27  But thou art the same, and thy years shall not fail.
Psalm 102:28  The children of thy servants shall continue: and their seed shall stand fast in thy sight.
Psalm 103:1  Praise the Lord, O my soul: and all that is within me praise his holy Name.
Psalm 103:2  Praise the Lord, O my soul: and forget not all his benefits;
Psalm 103:3  Who forgiveth all thy sin: and healeth all thine infirmities;
Psalm 103:4  Who saveth thy life from destruction: and crowneth thee with mercy and loving-kindness;
Psalm 103:5  Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things: making thee young and lusty as an eagle.
Psalm 103:6  The Lord executeth righteousness and judgement: for all them that are oppressed with wrong.
Psalm 103:7  He shewed his ways unto Moses: his works unto the children of Israel.
Psalm 103:8  The Lord is full of compassion and mercy: long-suffering, and of great goodness.
Psalm 103:9  He will not alway be chiding: neither keepeth he his anger for ever.
Psalm 103:10  He hath not dealt with us after our sins: nor rewarded us according to our wickednesses.
Psalm 103:11  For look how high the heaven is in comparison of the earth: so great is his mercy also toward them that fear him.
Psalm 103:12  Look how wide also the east is from the west: so far hath he set our sins from us.
Psalm 103:13  Yea, like as a father pitieth his own children: even so is the Lord merciful unto them that fear him.
Psalm 103:14  For he knoweth whereof we are made: he remembereth that we are but dust.
Psalm 103:15  The days of man are but as grass: for he flourisheth as a flower of the field.
Psalm 103:16  For as soon as the wind goeth over it, it is gone: and the place thereof shall know it no more.
Psalm 103:17  But the merciful goodness of the Lord endureth for ever and ever upon them that fear him: and his righteousness upon children's children;
Psalm 103:18  Even upon such as keep his covenant: and think upon his commandments to do them.
Psalm 103:19  The Lord hath prepared his seat in heaven: and his kingdom ruleth over all.
Psalm 103:20  O praise the Lord, ye angels of his, ye that excel in strength: ye that fulfil his commandment, and hearken unto the voice of his words.
Psalm 103:21  O praise the Lord, all ye his hosts: ye servants of his that do his pleasure.
Psalm 103:22  O speak good of the Lord, all ye works of his, in all places of his dominion: praise thou the Lord, O my soul.
Psalm 104:1  Praise the Lord, O my soul: O Lord my God, thou art become exceeding glorious; thou art clothed with majesty and honour.
Psalm 104:2  Thou deckest thyself with light as it were with a garment: and spreadest out the heavens like a curtain.
Psalm 104:3  Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters: and maketh the clouds his chariot, and walketh upon the wings of the wind.
Psalm 104:4  He maketh his angels spirits: and his ministers a flaming fire.
Psalm 104:5  He laid the foundations of the earth: that it never should move at any time.
Psalm 104:6  Thou coveredst it with the deep like as with a garment: the waters stand in the hills.
Psalm 104:7  At thy rebuke they flee: at the voice of thy thunder they are afraid.
Psalm 104:8  They go up as high as the hills, and down to the valleys beneath: even unto the place which thou hast appointed for them.
Psalm 104:9  Thou hast set them their bounds which they shall not pass: neither turn again to cover the earth.
Psalm 104:10  He sendeth the springs into the rivers: which run among the hills.
Psalm 104:11  All beasts of the field drink thereof: and the wild asses quench their thirst.
Psalm 104:12  Beside them shall the fowls of the air have their habitation: and sing among the branches.
Psalm 104:13  He watereth the hills from above: the earth is filled with the fruit of thy works.
Psalm 104:14  He bringeth forth grass for the cattle: and green herb for the service of men; That he may bring food out of the earth,
Psalm 104:15  And wine that maketh glad the heart of man: and oil to make him a cheerful countenance, and bread to strengthen man's heart.
Psalm 104:16  The trees of the Lord also are full of sap: even the cedars of Libanus which he hath planted;
Psalm 104:17  Wherein the birds make their nests: and the fir-trees are a dwelling for the stork.
Psalm 104:18  The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats: and so are the stony rocks for the conies.
Psalm 104:19  He appointed the moon for certain seasons: and the sun knoweth his going down.
Psalm 104:20  Thou makest darkness that it maybe night: wherein all the beasts of the forest do move.
Psalm 104:21  The lions roaring after their prey: do seek their meat from God.
Psalm 104:22  The sun ariseth, and they get them away together: and lay them down in their dens.
Psalm 104:23  Man goeth forth to his work, and to his labour: until the evening.
Psalm 104:24  O Lord, how manifold are thy works: in wisdom hast thou made them all; the earth is full of thy riches.
Psalm 104:25  So is the great and wide sea also: wherein are things creeping innumerable, both small and great beasts.
Psalm 104:26  There go the ships, and there is that leviathan: whom thou hast made to take his pastime therein.
Psalm 104:27  These wait all upon thee: that thou mayest give them meat in due season.
Psalm 104:28  When thou givest it them they gather it: and when thou openest thy hand they are filled with good.
Psalm 104:29  When thou hidest thy face they are troubled: when thou takest away their breath they die, and are turned again to their dust.
Psalm 104:30  When thou lettest thy breath go forth they shall be made: and thou shalt renew the face of the earth.
Psalm 104:31  The glorious majesty of the Lord shall endure for ever: the Lord shall rejoice in his works.
Psalm 104:32  The earth shall tremble at the look of him: if he do but touch the hills, they shall smoke.
Psalm 104:33  I will sing unto the Lord as long as I live: I will praise my God while I have my being.
Psalm 104:34  And so shall my words please him: my joy shall be in the Lord.
Psalm 104:35  As for sinners, they shall be consumed out of the earth, and the ungodly shall come to an end: praise thou the Lord, O my soul, praise the Lord.
Psalm 105:1  O give thanks unto the Lord, and call upon his Name: tell the people what things he hath done.
Psalm 105:2  O let your songs be of him, and praise him: and let your talking be of all his wondrous works.
Psalm 105:3  Rejoice in his holy Name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord.
Psalm 105:4  Seek the Lord and his strength: seek his face evermore.
Psalm 105:5  Remember the marvellous works that he hath done: his wonders, and the judgements of his mouth,
Psalm 105:6  O ye seed of Abraham his servant: ye children of Jacob his chosen.
Psalm 105:7  He is the Lord our God: his judgements are in all the world.
Psalm 105:8  He hath been alway mindful of his covenant and promise: that he made to a thousand generations;
Psalm 105:9  Even the covenant that he made with Abraham: and the oath that he sware unto Isaac;
Psalm 105:10  And appointed the same unto Jacob for a law: and to Israel for an everlasting testament;
Psalm 105:11  Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan: the lot of your inheritance;
Psalm 105:12  When there were yet but a few of them: and they strangers in the land;
Psalm 105:13  What time as they went from one nation to another: from one kingdom to another people;
Psalm 105:14  He suffered no man to do them wrong: but reproved even kings for their sakes;
Psalm 105:15  Touch not mine Anointed: and do my prophets no harm.
Psalm 105:16  Moreover, he called for a dearth upon the land: and destroyed all the provision of bread.
Psalm 105:17  But he had sent a man before them: even Joseph, who was sold to be a bond-servant;
Psalm 105:18  Whose feet they hurt in the stocks: the iron entered into his soul;
Psalm 105:19  Until the time came that his cause was known: the word of the Lord tried him.
Psalm 105:20  The king sent, and delivered him: the prince of the people let him go free.
Psalm 105:21  He made him lord also of his house: and ruler of all his substance;
Psalm 105:22  That he might inform his princes after his will: and teach his senators wisdom.
Psalm 105:23  Israel also came into Egypt: and Jacob was a stranger in the land of Ham.
Psalm 105:24  And he increased his people exceedingly: and made them stronger than their enemies;
Psalm 105:25  Whose heart turned, so that they hated his people: and dealt untruly with his servants.
Psalm 105:26  Then sent he Moses his servant: and Aaron whom he had chosen.
Psalm 105:27  And these shewed his tokens among them: and wonders in the land of Ham.
Psalm 105:28  He sent darkness, and it was dark: and they were not obedient unto his word.
Psalm 105:29  He turned their waters into blood: and slew their fish.
Psalm 105:30  Their land brought forth frogs: yea, even in their kings chambers.
Psalm 105:31  He spake the word, and there came all manner of flies: and lice in all their quarters.
Psalm 105:32  He gave them hail-stones for rain: and flames of fire in their land.
Psalm 105:33  He smote their vines also and fig-trees: and destroyed the trees that were in their coasts.
Psalm 105:34  He spake the word, and the grasshoppers came, and caterpillars innumerable:
Psalm 105:35  And did eat up all the grass in their land, and devoured the fruit of their ground.
Psalm 105:36  He smote all the first-born in their land: even the chief of all their strength.
Psalm 105:37  He brought them forth also with silver and gold: there was not one feeble person among their tribes.
Psalm 105:38  Egypt was glad at their departing: for they were afraid of them.
Psalm 105:39  He spread out a cloud to be a covering: and fire to give light in the night-season.
Psalm 105:40  At their desire he brought quails: and he filled them with the bread of heaven.
Psalm 105:41  He opened the rock of stone, and the waters flowed out: so that rivers ran in the dry places.
Psalm 105:42  For why? he remembered his holy promise: and Abraham his servant.
Psalm 105:43  And he brought forth his people with joy: and his chosen with gladness;
Psalm 105:44  And gave them the lands of the heathen: and they took the labours of the people in possession;
Psalm 105:45  That they might keep his statutes: and observe his laws.
Psalm 106:1  O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is gracious: and his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 106:2  Who can express the noble acts of the Lord: or shew forth all his praise?
Psalm 106:3  Blessed are they that alway keep judgement: and do righteousness.
Psalm 106:4  Remember me, O Lord, according to the favour that thou bearest unto thy people: O visit me with thy salvation;
Psalm 106:5  That I may see the felicity of thy chosen: and rejoice in the gladness of thy people, and give thanks with thine inheritance.
Psalm 106:6  We have sinned with our fathers: we have done amiss, and dealt wickedly.
Psalm 106:7  Our fathers regarded not thy wonders in Egypt, neither kept they thy great goodness in remembrance: but were disobedient at the sea, even at the Red sea.
Psalm 106:8  Nevertheless, he helped them for his Name's sake: that he might make his power to be known.
Psalm 106:9  He rebuked the Red sea also, and it was dried up: so he led them through the deep, as through a wilderness.
Psalm 106:10  And he saved them from the adversaries' hand: and delivered them from the hand of the enemy.
Psalm 106:11  As for those that troubled them, the waters overwhelmed them: there was not one of them left.
Psalm 106:12  Then believed they his words: and sang praise unto him.
Psalm 106:13  But within a while they forgat his works: and would not abide his counsel.
Psalm 106:14  But lust came upon them in the wilderness: and they tempted God in the desert.
Psalm 106:15  And he gave them their desire: and sent leanness withal into their soul.
Psalm 106:16  They angered Moses also in the tents: and Aaron the saint of the Lord.
Psalm 106:17  So the earth opened, and swallowed up Dathan: and covered the congregation of Abiram.
Psalm 106:18  And the fire was kindled in their company: the flame burnt up the ungodly.
Psalm 106:19  They made a calf in Horeb: and worshipped the molten image.
Psalm 106:20  Thus they turned their glory: into the similitude of a calf that eateth hay.
Psalm 106:21  And they forgat God their Saviour: who had done so great things in Egypt;
Psalm 106:22  Wondrous works in the land of Ham: and fearful things by the Red sea.
Psalm 106:23  So he said, he would have destroyed them, had not Moses his chosen stood before him in the gap: to turn away his wrathful indignation, lest he should destroy them.
Psalm 106:24  Yea, they thought scorn of that pleasant land: and gave no credence unto his word;
Psalm 106:25  But murmured in their tents: and hearkened not unto the voice of the Lord.
Psalm 106:26  Then lift he up his hand against them: to overthrow them in the wilderness;
Psalm 106:27  To cast out their seed among the nations: and to scatter them in the lands.
Psalm 106:28  They joined themselves unto Baal-peor: and ate the offerings of the dead.
Psalm 106:29  Thus they provoked him to anger with their own inventions: and the plague was great among them.
Psalm 106:30  Then stood up Phinees and prayed: and so the plague ceased.
Psalm 106:31  And that was counted unto him for righteousness: among all posterities for evermore.
Psalm 106:32  They angered mm also at the waters of strife: so that he punished Moses for their sakes;
Psalm 106:33  Because they provoked his spirit: so that he spake unadvisedly with his lips.
Psalm 106:34  Neither destroyed they the heathen: as the Lord commanded them;
Psalm 106:35  But were mingled among the heathen: and learned their works.
Psalm 106:36  Insomuch that they worshipped their idols, which turned to their own decay:
Psalm 106:37  Yea, they offered their sons and their daughters unto devils;
Psalm 106:38  And shed innocent blood, even the blood of their sons and of their daughters: whom they offered unto the idols of Canaan; and the land was defiled with blood.
Psalm 106:39  Thus were they stained with their own works: and went a whoring with their own inventions.
Psalm 106:40  Therefore was the wrath of the Lord kindled against his people: insomuch that he abhorred his own inheritance.
Psalm 106:41  And he gave them over into the hands of the heathen: and they that hated them were lords over them.
Psalm 106:42  Their enemies oppressed them: and had them in subjection.
Psalm 106:43  Many a time did he deliver them: but they rebelled against him with their own inventions, and were brought down in their wickedness.
Psalm 106:44  Nevertheless, when he saw their adversity: he heard their complaint.
Psalm 106:45  He thought upon his covenant, and pitied them according unto the multitude of his mercies:
Psalm 106:46  Yea, he made all those that led them away captive to pity them.
Psalm 106:47  Deliver us, O Lord our God, and gather us from among the heathen: that we may give thanks unto thy holy Name, and make our boast of thy praise.
Psalm 106:48  Blessed be the Lord God of Israel from everlasting and world without end: And let all the people say, Amen.
Psalm 107:1  O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is gracious: and his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 107:2  Let them give thanks whom the Lord hath redeemed: and delivered from the hand of the enemy;
Psalm 107:3  And gathered them out of the lands, from the east and from the west: from the north and from the south.
Psalm 107:4  They went astray in the wilderness out of the way: and found no city to dwell in;
Psalm 107:5  Hungry and thirsty: their soul fainted in them.
Psalm 107:6  So they cried unto the Lord in their trouble: and he delivered them from their distress.
Psalm 107:7  He led them forth by the right way: that they might go to the city where they dwelt.
Psalm 107:8  O that men would therefore praise the Lord for his goodness: and declare the wonders that he doeth for the children of men!
Psalm 107:9  For he satisfieth the empty soul: and filleth the hungry soul with goodness.
Psalm 107:10  Such as sit in darkness, and in the shadow of death: being fast bound in misery and iron;
Psalm 107:11  Because they rebelled against the words of the Lord: and lightly regarded the counsel of the most Highest;
Psalm 107:12  He also brought down their heart through heaviness: they fell down, and there was none to help them.
Psalm 107:13  So when they cried unto the Lord in their trouble: he delivered them out of their distress.
Psalm 107:14  For he brought them out of darkness, and out of the shadow of death: and brake their bonds in sunder.
Psalm 107:15  O that men would therefore praise the Lord for his goodness: and declare the wonders that he doeth for the children of men.
Psalm 107:16  For he hath broken the gates of brass: and smitten the bars of iron in sunder.
Psalm 107:17  Foolish men are plagued for their offence: and because of their wickedness.
Psalm 107:18  Their soul abhorred all manner of meat: and they were even hard at death's door.
Psalm 107:19  So when they cried unto the Lord in their trouble: he delivered them out of their distress.
Psalm 107:20  He sent his word, and healed them: and they were saved from their destruction.
Psalm 107:21  O that men would therefore praise the Lord for his goodness: and declare the wonders that he doeth for the children of men!
Psalm 107:22  That they would offer unto him the sacrifice of thanksgiving: and tell out his works with gladness!
Psalm 107:23  They that go down to the sea in ships: and occupy their business in great waters;
Psalm 107:24  These men see the works of the Lord: and his wonders in the deep.
Psalm 107:25  For at his word the stormy wind ariseth: which lifteth up the waves thereof.
Psalm 107:26  They are carried up to the heaven, and down again to the deep: their soul melteth away because of the trouble.
Psalm 107:27  They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man: and are at their wit's end.
Psalm 107:28  So when they cry unto the Lord in their trouble: he delivereth them out of their distress.
Psalm 107:29  For he maketh the storm to cease: so that the waves thereof are still.
Psalm 107:30  Then are they glad, because they are at rest: and so he bringeth them unto the haven where they would be.
Psalm 107:31  O that men would therefore praise the Lord for his goodness: and declare the wonders that he doeth for the children of men!
Psalm 107:32  That they would exalt him also in the congregation of the people: and praise him in the seat of the elders!
Psalm 107:33  Who turneth the floods into a wilderness: and drieth up the water-springs.
Psalm 107:34  A fruitful land maketh he barren: for the wickedness of them that dwell therein.
Psalm 107:35  Again, he maketh the wilderness a standing water: and water-springs of a dry ground.
Psalm 107:36  And there he setteth the hungry: that they may build them a city to dwell in;
Psalm 107:37  That they may sow their land, and plant vineyards: to yield them fruits of increase.
Psalm 107:38  He blesseth them, so that they multiply exceedingly: and suffereth not their cattle to decrease.
Psalm 107:39  And again, when they are minished and brought low: through oppression, through any plague or trouble;
Psalm 107:40  Though he suffer them to be evil intreated through tyrants: and let them wander out of the way in the wilderness;
Psalm 107:41  Yet helpeth he the poor out of misery: and maketh him households like a flock of sheep.
Psalm 107:42  The righteous will consider this, and rejoice: and the mouth of all wickedness shall be stopped.
Psalm 107:43  Whoso is wise will ponder these things: and they shall understand the loving-kindness of the Lord.
Psalm 108:1  O God, my heart is ready, my heart is ready: I will sing and give praise with the best member that I have.
Psalm 108:2  Awake, thou lute, and harp: I myself will awake right early.
Psalm 108:3  I will give thanks unto thee, O Lord, among the people: I will sing praises unto thee among the nations.
Psalm 108:4  For thy mercy is greater than the heavens: and thy truth reacheth unto the clouds.
Psalm 108:5  Set up thyself, O God, above the heavens: and thy glory above all the earth.
Psalm 108:6  That thy beloved may be delivered: let thy right hand save them, and hear thou me.
Psalm 108:7  God hath spoken in his holiness: I will rejoice therefore, and divide Sichem, and mete out the valley of Succoth.
Psalm 108:8  Gilead is mine, and Manasses is mine: Ephraim also is the strength of my head. Judah is my law-giver,
Psalm 108:9  Moab is my wash-pot: over Edom will I cast out my shoe, upon Philistia will I triumph.
Psalm 108:10  Who will lead me into the strong city: and who will bring me into Edom?
Psalm 108:11  Hast not thou forsaken us, O God: and wilt not thou, O God, go forth with our hosts?
Psalm 108:12  O help us against the enemy: for vain is the help of man.
Psalm 108:13  Through God we shall do great acts: and it is he that shall tread down our enemies.
Psalm 109:1  Hold not thy tongue, O God of my praise:
Psalm 109:2  For the mouth of the ungodly, yea, the mouth of the deceitful is opened upon me. And they have spoken against me with false tongues: 
Psalm 109:3  They compassed me about also with words of hatred, and fought against me without a cause.
Psalm 109:4  For the love that I had unto them, lo, they take now my contrary part: but I give myself unto prayer.
Psalm 109:5  Thus have they rewarded me evil for good: and hatred for my good will.
Psalm 109:6  Set thou an ungodly man to be ruler over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand.
Psalm 109:7  When sentence is given upon him, let him be condemned: and let his prayer be turned into sin.
Psalm 109:8  Let his days be few: and let another take his office.
Psalm 109:9  Let his children be fatherless: and his wife a widow.
Psalm 109:10  Let his children be vagabonds, and beg their bread: let them seek it also out of desolate places.
Psalm 109:11  Let the extortioner consume all that he hath: and let the stranger spoil his labour.
Psalm 109:12  Let there be no man to pity him: nor to have compassion upon his fatherless children.
Psalm 109:13  Let his posterity be destroyed: and in the next generation let his name be clean put out.
Psalm 109:14  Let the wickedness of his fathers be had in remembrance in the sight of the Lord: and let not the sin of his mother be done away.
Psalm 109:15  Let them alway be before the Lord: that he may root out the memorial of them from off the earth.
Psalm 109:16  And that, because his mind was not to do good: but persecuted the poor helpless man, that he might slay him that was vexed at the heart.
Psalm 109:17  His delight was in cursing, and it shall happen unto him: he loved not blessing, therefore shall it be far from him,
Psalm 109:18  He clothed himself with cursing, like as with a raiment: and it shall come into his bowels like water, and like oil into his bones.
Psalm 109:19  Let it be unto him as the cloke that he hath upon him: and as the girdle that he is alway girded withal.
Psalm 109:20  Let it thus happen from the Lord unto mine enemies: and to those that speak evil against my soul.
Psalm 109:21  But deal thou with me, O Lord God, according unto thy Name: for sweet is thy mercy.
Psalm 109:22  O deliver me, for I am helpless and poor: and my heart is wounded within me.
Psalm 109:23  I go hence like the shadow that departeth: and am driven away as the grasshopper.
Psalm 109:24  My knees are weak through fasting: my flesh is dried up for want of fatness.
Psalm 109:25  I became also a reproach unto them: they that looked upon me shaked their heads.
Psalm 109:26  Help me, O Lord my God: O save me according to thy mercy.
Psalm 109:27  And they shall know, how that this is thy hand: and that thou, Lord, hast done it.
Psalm 109:28  Though they curse, yet bless thou: and let them be confounded that rise up against me; but let thy servant rejoice.
Psalm 109:29  Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame: and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a cloke.
Psalm 109:30  As for me, I will give great thanks unto the Lord with my mouth: and praise him among the multitude.
Psalm 109:31  For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor: to save his soul from unrighteous judges.
Psalm 110:1  The Lord said unto my Lord: Sit thou on my right hand, until I make thine enemies thy footstool.
Psalm 110:2  The Lord shall send the rod of thy power out of Sion: be thou ruler, even in the midst among thine enemies.
Psalm 110:3  In the day of thy power shall thy people offer thee free-will offerings with an holy worship: the dew of thy birth is of the womb of the morning.
Psalm 110:4  The Lord sware, and will not repent: Thou art a priest for ever after the order of Melchisedech.
Psalm 110:5  The Lord upon thy right hand: shall wound even kings in the day of his wrath.
Psalm 110:6  He shall judge among the heathen; he shall fill the places with the dead bodies: and smite in sunder the heads over divers countries.
Psalm 110:7  He shall drink of the brook in the way: therefore shall he lift up his head.
Psalm 111:1  I will give thanks unto the Lord with my whole heart: secretly among the faithful, and in the congregation.
Psalm 111:2  The works of the Lord are great: sought out of all them that have pleasure therein.
Psalm 111:3  His work is worthy to be praised and had in honour: and his righteousness endureth for ever.
Psalm 111:4  The merciful and gracious Lord hath so done his marvellous works: that they ought to be had in remembrance.
Psalm 111:5  He hath given meat unto them that fear him: he shall ever be mindful of his covenant.
Psalm 111:6  He hath shewed his people the power of his works: that he may give them the heritage of the heathen.
Psalm 111:7  The works of his hands are verity and judgement: all his commandments are true.
Psalm 111:8  They stand fast for ever and ever: and are done in truth and equity.
Psalm 111:9  He sent redemption unto his people: he hath commanded his covenant for ever; holy and reverend is his Name.
Psalm 111:10  The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom: a good understanding have all they that do thereafter; the praise of it endureth for ever.
Psalm 112:1  Blessed is the man that feareth the Lord: he hath great delight in his commandments.
Psalm 112:2  His seed shall be mighty upon earth: the generation of the faithful shall be blessed.
Psalm 112:3  Riches and plenteousness shall be in his house: and his righteousness endureth for ever.
Psalm 112:4  Unto the godly there ariseth up light in the darkness: he is merciful, loving, and righteous.
Psalm 112:5  A good man is merciful, and lendeth: and will guide his words with discretion.
Psalm 112:6  For he shall never be moved: and the righteous shall be had in everlasting remembrance.
Psalm 112:7  He will not be afraid of any evil tidings: for his heart standeth fast, and believeth in the Lord.
Psalm 112:8  His heart is established, and will not shrink: until he see his desire upon his enemies.
Psalm 112:9  He hath dispersed abroad, and given to the poor: and his righteousness remaineth for ever; his horn shall be exalted with honour.
Psalm 112:10  The ungodly shall see it, and it shall grieve him: he shall gnash with his teeth, and consume away; the desire of the ungodly shall perish.
Psalm 113:1  Praise the Lord, ye servants: O praise the Name of the Lord.
Psalm 113:2  Blessed be the Name of the Lord: from this time forth for evermore.
Psalm 113:3  The Lord's Name is praised: from the rising up of the sun unto the going down of the same.
Psalm 113:4  The Lord is high above all heathen: and his glory above the heavens.
Psalm 113:5  Who is like unto the Lord our God, that hath his dwelling so high:
Psalm 113:6  And yet humbleth himself to behold the things that are in heaven and earth?
Psalm 113:7  He taketh up the simple out of the dust: and lifteth the poor out of the mire;
Psalm 113:8  That he may set him with the princes: even with the princes of his people.
Psalm 113:9  He maketh the barren woman to keep house: and to be a joyful mother of children.
Psalm 114:1  When Israel came out of Egypt: and the house of Jacob from among the strange people,
Psalm 114:2  Judah was his sanctuary: and Israel his dominion.
Psalm 114:3  The sea saw that, and fled: Jordan was driven back.
Psalm 114:4  The mountains skipped like rams: and the little hills like young sheep.
Psalm 114:5  What aileth thee, O thou sea, that thou fleddest: and thou Jordan, that thou wast driven back?
Psalm 114:6  Ye mountains, that ye skipped like rams: and ye little hills, like young sheep?
Psalm 114:7  Tremble, thou earth, at the presence of the Lord: at the presence of the God of Jacob;
Psalm 114:8  Who turned the hard rock into a standing water: and the flint-stone into a springing well.
Psalm 115:1  Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto thy Name give the praise: for thy loving mercy and for thy truth's sake.
Psalm 115:2  Wherefore shall the heathen say: Where is now their God?
Psalm 115:3  As for our God, he is in heaven: he hath done whatsoever pleased him.
Psalm 115:4  Their idols are silver and gold: even the work of men's hands.
Psalm 115:5  They have mouths, and speak not: eyes have they, and see not.
Psalm 115:6  They have ears, and hear not: noses have they, and smell not.
Psalm 115:7  They have hands, and handle not; feet have they, and walk not: neither speak they through their throat.
Psalm 115:8  They that make them are like unto them: and so are all such as put their trust in them.
Psalm 115:9  But thou, house of Israel, trust thou in the Lord: he is their succour and defence.
Psalm 115:10  Ye house of Aaron, put your trust in the Lord: he is their helper and defender.
Psalm 115:11  Ye that fear the Lord, put your trust in the Lord: he is their helper and defender.
Psalm 115:12  The Lord hath been mindful of us, and he shall bless us: even he shall bless the house of Israel, he shall bless the house of Aaron.
Psalm 115:13  He shall bless them that fear the Lord: both small and great.
Psalm 115:14  The Lord shall increase you more and more: you and your children.
Psalm 115:15  Ye are the blessed of the Lord: who made heaven and earth.
Psalm 115:16  All the whole heavens are the Lord's: the earth hath he given to the children of men.
Psalm 115:17  The dead praise not thee, O Lord: neither all they that go down into silence.
Psalm 115:18  But we will praise the Lord: from this time forth for evermore. Praise the Lord.
Psalm 116:1  I am well pleased: that the Lord hath heard the voice of my prayer;
Psalm 116:2  That he hath inclined his ear unto me: therefore will I call upon him as long as I live.
Psalm 116:3  The snares of death compassed me round about: and the pains of hell gat hold upon me. I shall find trouble and heaviness,
Psalm 116:4  And I will call upon the Name of the Lord: O Lord, I beseech thee, deliver my soul.
Psalm 116:5  Gracious is the Lord, and righteous: yea, our God is merciful.
Psalm 116:6  The Lord preserveth the simple: I was in misery, and he helped me.
Psalm 116:7  Turn again then unto thy rest, O my soul: for the Lord hath rewarded thee.
Psalm 116:8  And why? thou hast delivered my soul from death: mine eyes from tears, and my feet from falling.
Psalm 116:9  I will walk before the Lord: in the land of the living.
Psalm 116:10  I believed, and therefore will I speak; but I was sore troubled:
Psalm 116:11  I said in my haste, All men are liars.
Psalm 116:12  What reward shall I give unto the Lord: for all the benefits that he hath done unto me?
Psalm 116:13  I will receive the cup of salvation: and call upon the Name of the Lord.
Psalm 116:14  I will pay my vows now in the presence of all his people:
Psalm 116:15  Right dear in the sight of the Lord is the death of his saints.
Psalm 116:16  Behold, O Lord, how that I am thy servant: I am thy servant, and the son of thine handmaid; thou hast broken my bonds in sunder.
Psalm 116:17  I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving: and will call upon the Name of the Lord.
Psalm 116:18  I will pay my vows unto the Lord, in the sight of all his people:
Psalm 116:19  In the courts of the Lord's house, even in the midst of thee, O Jerusalem. Praise the Lord.
Psalm 117:1  O praise the Lord, all ye heathen: praise him, all ye nations.
Psalm 117:2  For his merciful kindness is ever more and more toward us: and the truth of the Lord endureth for ever. Praise the Lord.
Psalm 118:1  O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is gracious: because his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 118:2  Let Israel now confess that he is gracious: and that his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 118:3  Let the house of Aaron now confess: that his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 118:4  Yea, let them now that fear the Lord confess: that his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 118:5  I called upon the Lord in trouble: and the Lord heard me at large.
Psalm 118:6  The Lord is on my side: I will not fear what man doeth unto me.
Psalm 118:7  The Lord taketh my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my desire upon mine enemies.
Psalm 118:8  It is better to trust in the Lord: than to put any confidence in man.
Psalm 118:9  It is better to trust in the Lord: than to put any confidence in princes.
Psalm 118:10  All nations compassed me round about: but in the Name of the Lord will I destroy them.
Psalm 118:11  They kept me in on every side, they kept me in, I say, on every side: but in the Name of the Lord will I destroy them.
Psalm 118:12  They came about me like bees, and are extinct even as the fire among the thorns: for in the Name of the Lord I will destroy them.
Psalm 118:13  Thou hast thrust sore at me, that I might fall: but the Lord was my help.
Psalm 118:14  The Lord is my strength, and my song i and is become my salvation.
Psalm 118:15  The voice of joy and health is in the dwellings of the righteous: the right hand of the Lord bringeth mighty things to pass,
Psalm 118:16  The right hand of the Lord hath the pre-eminence: the right hand of the Lord bringeth mighty things to pass.
Psalm 118:17  I shall not die, but live: and declare the works of the Lord.
Psalm 118:18  The Lord hath chastened and corrected me: but he hath not given me over unto death.
Psalm 118:19  Open me the gates of righteousness: that I may go into them, and give thanks unto the Lord.
Psalm 118:20  This is the gate of the Lord: the righteous shall enter into it.
Psalm 118:21  I will thank thee, for thou hast heard me: and art become my salvation.
Psalm 118:22  The same stone which the builders refused: is become the head-stone in the corner.
Psalm 118:23  This is the Lord's doing: and it is marvellous in our eyes.
Psalm 118:24  This is the day which the Lord hath made: we will rejoice and be glad in it.
Psalm 118:25  Help me now, O Lord: O Lord, send us now prosperity.
Psalm 118:26  Blessed be he that cometh in the Name of the Lord: we have wished you good luck, ye that are of the house of the Lord.
Psalm 118:27  God is the Lord who hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, yea, even unto the horns of the altar.
Psalm 118:28  Thou art my God, and I will thank thee: thou art my God, and I will praise thee.
Psalm 118:29  O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is gracious: and his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 119:1  Blessed are those that are undefiled in the way: and walk in the law of the Lord.
Psalm 119:2  Blessed are they that keep his testimonies: and seek him with their whole heart.
Psalm 119:3  For they who do no wickedness: walk in his ways.
Psalm 119:4  Thou hast charged: that we shall diligently keep thy commandments.
Psalm 119:5  O that my ways were made so direct: that I might keep thy statutes!
Psalm 119:6  So shall I not be confounded: while I have respect unto all thy commandments.
Psalm 119:7  I will thank thee with an unfeigned heart: when I shall have learned the judgements of thy righteousness.
Psalm 119:8  I will keep thy ceremonies: O forsake me not utterly.
Psalm 119:9  Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way: even by ruling himself after thy word.
Psalm 119:10  With my whole heart have I sought thee: let me not go wrong out of thy commandments.
Psalm 119:11  Thy words have I hid within my heart: that I should not sin against thee.
Psalm 119:12  Blessed art thou, O Lord: O teach me thy statutes.
Psalm 119:13  With my lips have I been telling: of all the judgements of thy mouth.
Psalm 119:14  I have had as great delight in the way of thy testimonies: as in all manner of riches.
Psalm 119:15  I will talk of thy commandments: and have respect unto thy ways.
Psalm 119:16  My delight shall be in thy statutes: and I will not forget thy word.
Psalm 119:17  O do well unto thy servant: that I may live, and keep thy word.
Psalm 119:18  Open thou mine eyes: that I may see the wondrous things of thy law.
Psalm 119:19  I am a stranger upon earth: O hide not thy commandments from me.
Psalm 119:20  My soul breaketh out for the very fervent desire: that it hath alway unto thy judgements.
Psalm 119:21  Thou hast rebuked the proud: and cursed are they that do err from thy commandments.
Psalm 119:22  O turn from me shame and rebuke: for I have kept thy testimonies.
Psalm 119:23  Princes also did sit and speak against me: but thy servant is occupied in thy statutes.
Psalm 119:24  For thy testimonies are my delight: and my counsellors.
Psalm 119:25  My soul cleaveth to the dust: O quicken thou me, according to thy word.
Psalm 119:26  I have acknowledged my ways, and thou heardest me: O teach me thy statutes.
Psalm 119:27  Make me to understand the way of thy commandments: and so shall I talk of thy wondrous works.
Psalm 119:28  My soul melteth away for very heaviness: comfort thou me according unto thy word.
Psalm 119:29  Take from me the way of lying: and cause thou me to make much of thy law.
Psalm 119:30  I have chosen the way of truth: and thy judgements have I laid before me.
Psalm 119:31  I have stuck unto thy testimonies: O Lord, confound me not.
Psalm 119:32  I will run the way of thy commandments: when thou hast set my heart at liberty.
Psalm 119:33  Teach me, O Lord, the way of thy statutes: and I shall keep it unto the end.
Psalm 119:34  Give me understanding, and I shall keep thy law: yea, I shall keep it with my whole heart.
Psalm 119:35  Make me to go in the path of thy commandments: for therein is my desire.
Psalm 119:36  Incline my heart unto thy testimonies: and not to covetousness.
Psalm 119:37  O turn away mine eyes, lest they behold vanity: and quicken thou me in thy way.
Psalm 119:38  O stablish thy word in thy servant: that I may fear thee.
Psalm 119:39  Take away the rebuke that I am afraid of: for thy judgements are good.
Psalm 119:40  Behold, my delight is in thy commandments: O quicken me in thy righteousness.
Psalm 119:41  Let thy loving mercy come also unto me, O Lord: even thy salvation, according unto thy word.
Psalm 119:42  So shall I make answer unto my blasphemers: for my trust is in thy word.
Psalm 119:43  O take not the word of thy truth utterly out of my mouth: for my hope is in thy judgements.
Psalm 119:44  So shall I alway keep thy law: yea, for ever and ever.
Psalm 119:45  And I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy commandments.
Psalm 119:46  I will speak of thy testimonies also, even before kings: and will not be ashamed.
Psalm 119:47  And my delight shall be in thy commandments: which I have loved.
Psalm 119:48  My hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments, which I have loved: and my study shall be in thy statutes.
Psalm 119:49  O think upon thy servant, as concerning thy word: wherein thou hast caused me to put my trust.
Psalm 119:50  The same is my comfort in my trouble: for thy word hath quickened me.
Psalm 119:51  The proud have had me exceedingly in derision: yet have I not shrinked from thy law.
Psalm 119:52  For I remembered thine everlasting judgements, O Lord: and received comfort.
Psalm 119:53  I am horribly afraid: for the ungodly that forsake thy law.
Psalm 119:54  Thy statutes have been my songs: in the house of my pilgrimage.
Psalm 119:55  I have thought upon thy Name, O Lord, in the night-season: and have kept thy law.
Psalm 119:56  This I had: because I kept thy commandments.
Psalm 119:57  Thou art my portion, O Lord: I have promised to keep thy law.
Psalm 119:58  I made my humble petition in thy presence with my whole heart: O be merciful unto me, according to thy word.
Psalm 119:59  I called mine own ways to remembrance: and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.
Psalm 119:60  I made haste, and prolonged not the time: to keep thy commandments.
Psalm 119:61  The congregations of the ungodly have robbed me: but I have not forgotten thy law.
Psalm 119:62  At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee: because of thy righteous judgements.
Psalm 119:63  I am a companion of all them that fear thee: and keep thy commandments.
Psalm 119:64  The earth, O Lord, is full of thy mercy: O teach me thy statutes.
Psalm 119:65  O Lord, thou hast dealt graciously with thy servant: according unto thy word.
Psalm 119:66  O learn me true understanding and knowledge: for I have believed thy commandments.
Psalm 119:67  Before I was troubled, I went wrong: but now have I kept thy word.
Psalm 119:68  Thou art good and gracious: O teach me thy statutes.
Psalm 119:69  The proud have imagined a lie against me: but I will keep thy commandments with my whole heart.
Psalm 119:70  Their heart is as fat as brawn: but my delight hath been in thy law.
Psalm 119:71  It is good for me that I have been in trouble: that I may learn thy statutes.
Psalm 119:72  The law of thy mouth is dearer unto me: than thousands of gold and silver.
Psalm 119:73  Thy hands have made me and fashioned me: O give me understanding, that I may learn thy commandments.
Psalm 119:74  They that fear thee will be glad when they see me: because I have put my trust in thy word.
Psalm 119:75  I know, O Lord, that thy judgements are right: and that thou of very faithfulness hast caused me to be troubled.
Psalm 119:76  O let thy merciful kindness be my comfort: according to thy word unto thy servant.
Psalm 119:77  O let thy loving mercies come unto me, that I may live: for thy law is my delight.
Psalm 119:78  Let the proud be confounded, for they go wickedly about to destroy me: but I will be occupied in thy commandments.
Psalm 119:79  Let such as fear thee, and have known thy testimonies: be turned unto me.
Psalm 119:80  O let my heart be sound in thy statutes: that I be not ashamed.
Psalm 119:81  My soul hath longed for thy salvation: and I have a good hope because of thy word.
Psalm 119:82  Mine eyes long sore for thy word: saying, O when wilt thou comfort me?
Psalm 119:83  For I am become like a bottle in the smoke: yet do I not forget thy statutes.
Psalm 119:84  How many are the days of thy servant: when wilt thou be avenged of them that persecute me?
Psalm 119:85  The proud have digged pits for me: which are not after thy law.
Psalm 119:86  All thy commandments are true: they persecute me falsely; O be thou my help.
Psalm 119:87  They had almost made an end of me upon earth: but I forsook not thy commandments.
Psalm 119:88  O quicken me after thy loving-kindness: and so shall I keep the testimonies of thy mouth.
Psalm 119:89  O Lord, thy word: endureth for ever in heaven.
Psalm 119:90  Thy truth also remaineth from one generation to another: thou hast laid the foundation of the earth, and it abideth.
Psalm 119:91  They continue this day according to thine ordinance: for all things serve thee.
Psalm 119:92  If my delight had not been in thy law: I should have perished in my trouble.
Psalm 119:93  I will never forget thy commandments: for with them thou hast quickened me.
Psalm 119:94  I am thine, O save me: for I have sought thy commandments.
Psalm 119:95  The ungodly laid wait for me to destroy me: but I will consider thy testimonies.
Psalm 119:96  I see that all things come to an end: but thy commandment is exceeding broad.
Psalm 119:97  Lord, what love have I unto thy law: all the day long is my study in it.
Psalm 119:98  Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser than mine enemies: for they are ever with me.
Psalm 119:99  I have more understanding than my teachers: for thy testimonies are my study.
Psalm 119:100  I am wiser than the aged: because I keep thy commandments.
Psalm 119:101  I have refrained my feet from every evil way: that I may keep thy word.
Psalm 119:102  I have not shrunk from thy judgements: for thou teachest me.
Psalm 119:103  O how sweet are thy words unto my throat: yea, sweeter than honey unto my mouth.
Psalm 119:104  Through thy commandments I get understanding: therefore I hate all evil ways.
Psalm 119:105  Thy word is a lantern unto my feet: and a light unto my paths.
Psalm 119:106  I have sworn, and am stedfastly purposed: to keep thy righteous judgements.
Psalm 119:107  I am troubled above measure: quicken me, O Lord, according to thy word.
Psalm 119:108  Let the free-will offerings of my mouth please thee, O Lord: and teach me thy judgements.
Psalm 119:109  My soul is alway in my hand: yet do I not forget thy law.
Psalm 119:110  The ungodly have laid a snare for me: but yet I swerved not from thy commandments.
Psalm 119:111  Thy testimonies have I claimed as mine heritage for ever: and why? they are the very joy of my heart.
Psalm 119:112  I have applied my heart to fulfil thy statutes alway: even unto the end.
Psalm 119:113  I hate them that imagine evil things: but thy law do I love.
Psalm 119:114  Thou art my defence and shield: and my trust is in thy word.
Psalm 119:115  Away from me, ye wicked: I will keep the commandments of my God.
Psalm 119:116  O stablish me according to thy word, that I may live: and let me not be disappointed of my hope.
Psalm 119:117  Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: yea, my delight shall be ever in thy statutes.
Psalm 119:118  Thou hast trodden down all them that depart from thy statutes: for they imagine but deceit.
Psalm 119:119  Thou puttest away all the ungodly of the earth like dross: therefore I love thy testimonies.
Psalm 119:120  My flesh trembleth for fear of thee: and I am afraid of thy judgements.
Psalm 119:121  I deal with the thing that is lawful and right: O give me not over unto mine oppressors.
Psalm 119:122  Make thou thy servant to delight in that which is good: that the proud do me no wrong.
Psalm 119:123  Mine eyes are wasted away with looking for thy health: and for the word of thy righteousness.
Psalm 119:124  O deal with thy servant according unto thy loving mercy: and teach me thy statutes.
Psalm 119:125  I am thy servant, O grant me understanding: that I may know thy testimonies.
Psalm 119:126  It is time for thee, Lord, to lay to thine hand: for they have destroyed thy law.
Psalm 119:127  For I love thy commandments: above gold and precious stone.
Psalm 119:128  Therefore hold I straight all thy commandments: and all false ways I utterly abhor.
Psalm 119:129  Thy testimonies are wonderful: therefore doth my soul keep them.
Psalm 119:130  When thy word goeth forth: it giveth light and understanding unto the simple.
Psalm 119:131  I opened my mouth, and drew in my breath: for my delight was in thy commandments.
Psalm 119:132  O look thou upon me, and be merciful unto me: as thou usest to do unto those that love thy Name.
Psalm 119:133  Order my steps in thy word: and so shall no wickedness have dominion over me.
Psalm 119:134  O deliver me from the wrongful dealings of men: and so shall I keep thy commandments.
Psalm 119:135  Shew the light of thy countenance upon thy servant: and teach me thy statutes.
Psalm 119:136  Mine eyes gush out with water: because men keep not thy law.
Psalm 119:137  Righteous art thou, O Lord: and true is thy judgement.
Psalm 119:138  The testimonies that thou hast commanded: are exceeding righteous and true.
Psalm 119:139  My zeal hath even consumed me: because mine enemies have forgotten thy words.
Psalm 119:140  Thy word is tried to the uttermost: and thy servant loveth it.
Psalm 119:141  I am small, and of no reputation: yet do I not forget thy commandments.
Psalm 119:142  Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness: and thy law is the truth.
Psalm 119:143  Trouble and heaviness have taken hold upon me: yet is my delight in thy commandments.
Psalm 119:144  The righteousness of thy testimonies is everlasting: O grant me understanding, and I shall live.
Psalm 119:145  I call with my whole heart: hear me, O Lord, I will keep thy statutes.
Psalm 119:146  Yea, even unto thee do I call: help me, and I shall keep thy testimonies.
Psalm 119:147  Early in the morning do I cry unto thee: for in thy word is my trust.
Psalm 119:148  Mine eyes prevent the night-watches: that I might be occupied in thy words.
Psalm 119:149  Hear my voice, O Lord, according unto thy loving-kindness: quicken me, according as thou art wont.
Psalm 119:150  They draw nigh that of malice persecute me: and are far from thy law.
Psalm 119:151  Be thou nigh at hand, O Lord: for all thy commandments are true.
Psalm 119:152  As concerning thy testimonies, I have known long since: that thou hast grounded them for ever.
Psalm 119:153  O consider mine adversity, and deliver me: for I do not forget thy law.
Psalm 119:154  Avenge thou my cause, and deliver me: quicken me, according to thy word.
Psalm 119:155  Health is far from the ungodly: for they regard not thy statutes.
Psalm 119:156  Great is thy mercy, O Lord: quicken me, as thou art wont.
Psalm 119:157  Many there are that trouble me, and persecute me: yet do I not swerve from thy testimonies.
Psalm 119:158  It grieveth me when I see the transgressors: because they keep not thy law.
Psalm 119:159  Consider, O Lord, how I love thy commandments: O quicken me, according to thy loving-kindness.
Psalm 119:160  Thy word is true from everlasting: all the judgements of thy righteousness endure for evermore.
Psalm 119:161  Princes have persecuted me without a cause: but my heart standeth in awe of thy word.
Psalm 119:162  I am as glad of thy word: as one that findeth great spoils.
Psalm 119:163  As for lies, I hate and abhor them: but thy law do I love.
Psalm 119:164  Seven times a day do I praise thee: because of thy righteous judgements.
Psalm 119:165  Great is the peace that they have who love thy law: and they are not offended at it.
Psalm 119:166  Lord, I have looked for thy saving health: and done after thy commandments.
Psalm 119:167  My soul hath kept thy testimonies: and loved them exceedingly.
Psalm 119:168  I have kept thy commandments and testimonies: for all my ways are before thee.
Psalm 119:169  Let my complaint come before thee, O Lord: give me understanding, according to thy word.
Psalm 119:170  Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me, according to thy word.
Psalm 119:171  My lips shall speak of thy praise: when thou hast taught me thy statutes.
Psalm 119:172  Yea, my tongue shall sing of thy word: for all thy commandments are righteous.
Psalm 119:173  Let thine hand help me: for I have chosen thy commandments.
Psalm 119:174  I have longed for thy saving health, O Lord: and in thy law is my delight.
Psalm 119:175  O let my soul live, and it shall praise thee: and thy judgements shall help me.
Psalm 119:176  I have gone astray like a sheep that is lost: O seek thy servant, for I do not forget thy commandments.
Psalm 120:1  When I was in trouble I called upon the Lord: and he heard me.
Psalm 120:2  Deliver my soul, O Lord, from lying lips: and from a deceitful tongue.
Psalm 120:3  What reward shall be given or done unto thee, thou false tongue:
Psalm 120:4  Even mighty and sharp arrows, with hot burning coals.
Psalm 120:5  Woe is me, that I am constrained to dwell with Mesech: and to have my habitation among the tents of Kedar.
Psalm 120:6  My soul hath long dwelt among them: that are enemies unto peace.
Psalm 120:7  I labour for peace, but when I speak unto them thereof: they make them ready to battle.
Psalm 121:1  I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills: from whence cometh my help.
Psalm 121:2  My help cometh even from the Lord: who hath made heaven and earth.
Psalm 121:3  He will not suffer thy foot to be moved: and he that keepeth thee will not sleep.
Psalm 121:4  Behold, he that keepeth Israel: shall neither slumber nor sleep.
Psalm 121:5  The Lord himself is thy keeper: the Lord is thy defence upon thy right hand;
Psalm 121:6  So that the sun shall not burn thee by day: neither the moon by night.
Psalm 121:7  The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil: yea, it is even he that shall keep thy soul.
Psalm 121:8  The Lord shall preserve thy going out, and thy coming in: from this time forth for evermore.
Psalm 122:1  I was glad when they said unto me: We will go into the house of the Lord.
Psalm 122:2  Our feet shall stand in thy gates: O Jerusalem.
Psalm 122:3  Jerusalem is built as a city: that is at unity in itself.
Psalm 122:4  For thither the tribes go up, even the tribes of the Lord: to testify unto Israel, to give thanks unto the Name of the Lord.
Psalm 122:5  For there is the seat of judgement: even the seat of the house of David.
Psalm 122:6  O pray for the peace of Jerusalem: they shall prosper that love thee.
Psalm 122:7  Peace be within thy walls: and plenteousness within thy palaces.
Psalm 122:8  For my brethren and companions sakes: I will wish thee prosperity.
Psalm 122:9  Yea, because of the house of the Lord our God: I will seek to do thee good.
Psalm 123:1  Unto thee lift I up mine eyes: O thou that dwellest in the heavens.
Psalm 123:2  Behold, even as the eyes of servants look unto the hand of their masters, and as the eyes of a maiden unto the hand of her mistress: even so our eyes wait upon the Lord our God, until he have mercy upon us.
Psalm 123:3  Have mercy upon us, O Lord, have mercy upon us: for we are utterly despised.
Psalm 123:4  Our soul is filled with the scornful reproof of the wealthy: and with the despitefulness of the proud.
Psalm 124:1  If the Lord himself had not been on our side, now may Israel say:
Psalm 124:2  If the Lord himself had not been on our side, when men rose up against us;
Psalm 124:3  They had swallowed us up quick: when they were so wrathfully displeased at us.
Psalm 124:4  Yea, the waters had drowned us: and the stream had gone over our soul.
Psalm 124:5  The deep waters of the proud: had gone even over our soul.
Psalm 124:6  But praised be the Lord: who hath not given us over for a prey unto their teeth.
Psalm 124:7  Our soul is escaped even as a bird out of the snare of the fowler: the snare is broken, and we are delivered.
Psalm 124:8  Our help standeth in the Name of the Lord: who hath made heaven and earth.
Psalm 125:1  They that put their trust in the Lord shall be even as the mount Sion: which may not be removed, but standeth fast for ever.
Psalm 125:2  The hills stand about Jerusalem: even so standeth the Lord round about his people, from this time forth for evermore.
Psalm 125:3  For the rod of the ungodly cometh not into the lot of the righteous: lest the righteous put their hand unto wickedness.
Psalm 125:4  Do well, O Lord: unto those that are good and true of heart.
Psalm 125:5  As for such as turn back unto their own wickedness: the Lord shall lead them forth with the evil-doers; but peace shall be upon Israel.
Psalm 126:1  When the Lord turned again the captivity of Sion: then were we like unto them that dream.
Psalm 126:2  Then was our mouth filled with laughter: and our tongue with joy. Then said they among the heathen: The Lord hath done great things for them.
Psalm 126:3  Yea, the Lord hath done great things for us already: whereof we rejoice.
Psalm 126:4  Turn our captivity, O Lord: as the rivers in the south.
Psalm 126:5  They that sow in tears: shall reap in joy.
Psalm 126:6  He that now goeth on his way weeping, and beareth forth good seed: shall doubtless come again with joy, and bring his sheaves with him.
Psalm 127:1  Except the Lord build the house: their labour is but lost that build it. Except the Lord keep the city: the watchman waketh but in vain.
Psalm 127:2  It is but lost labour that ye haste to rise up early, and so late take rest, arid eat the bread of carefulness: for so he giveth his beloved sleep.
Psalm 127:3  Lo, children and the fruit of the womb: are an heritage and gift that cometh of the Lord.
Psalm 127:4  Like as the arrows in the hand of the giant: even so are the young children.
Psalm 127:5  Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them: they shall not be ashamed when they speak with their enemies in the gate.
Psalm 128:1  Blessed are all they that fear the Lord: and walk in his ways.
Psalm 128:2  For thou shalt eat the labours of thine hands: O well is thee, and happy shalt thou be.
Psalm 128:3  Thy wife shall be as the fruitful vine: upon the walls of thine house. Thy children like the olive-branches: round about thy table.
Psalm 128:4  Lo, thus shall the man be blessed: that feareth the Lord.
Psalm 128:5  The Lord from out of Sion shall so bless thee: that thou shalt see Jerusalem in prosperity all thy life long.
Psalm 128:6  Yea, that thou shalt see thy children's children: and peace upon Israel.
Psalm 129:1  Many a time have they fought against me from my youth up: may Israel now say.
Psalm 129:2  Yea, many a time have they vexed me from my youth up: but they have not prevailed against me.
Psalm 129:3  The plowers plowed upon my back: and made long furrows.
Psalm 129:4  But the righteous Lord: hath hewn the snares of the ungodly in pieces.
Psalm 129:5  Let them be confounded and turned backward: as many as have evil will at Sion.
Psalm 129:6  Let them be even as the grass growing upon the house-tops: which withereth afore it be plucked up;
Psalm 129:7  Whereof the mower filleth not his hand: neither he that bindeth up the sheaves his bosom.
Psalm 129:8  So that they who go by say not so much as, The Lord prosper you: we wish you good luck in the Name of the Lord.
Psalm 130:1  Out of the deep have I called unto thee, O Lord: Lord, hear my voice.
Psalm 130:2  O let thine ears consider well: the voice of my complaint.
Psalm 130:3  If thou, Lord, wilt be extreme to mark what is done amiss: O Lord, who may abide it?
Psalm 130:4  For there is mercy with thee: therefore shalt thou be feared.
Psalm 130:5  I look for the Lord; my soul doth wait for him: in his word is my trust.
Psalm 130:6  My soul fleeth unto the Lord: before the morning watch, I say, before the morning watch.
Psalm 130:7  O Israel, trust in the Lord, for with the Lord there is mercy: and with him is plenteous redemption.
Psalm 130:8  And he shall redeem Israel: from all his sins.
Psalm 131:1  O Lord, I am not high-minded: I have no proud looks. I do not exercise myself in great matters: which are too high for me.
Psalm 131:2  But I refrain my soul, and keep it low, like as a child that is weaned from his mother: yea, my soul is even as a weaned child.
Psalm 131:3  O Israel, trust in the Lord: from this time forth for evermore.
Psalm 132:1  Lord, remember David: and all his trouble;
Psalm 132:2  How he sware unto the Lord: and vowed a vow unto the Almighty God of Jacob;
Psalm 132:3  I will not come within the tabernacle of mine house: nor climb up into my bed;
Psalm 132:4  I will not suffer mine eyes to sleep, nor mine eye-lids to slumber: neither the temples of my head to take any rest;
Psalm 132:5  Until I find out a place for the temple of the Lord: an habitation for the mighty God of Jacob.
Psalm 132:6  Lo, we heard of the same at Ephrata: and found it in the wood.
Psalm 132:7  We will go into his tabernacle: and fall low on our knees before his footstool.
Psalm 132:8  Arise, O Lord, into thy resting-place: thou, and the ark of thy strength.
Psalm 132:9  Let thy priests be clothed with righteousness: and let thy saints sing with joyfulness.
Psalm 132:10  For thy servant David's sake: turn not away the presence of thine Anointed.
Psalm 132:11  The Lord hath made a faithful oath unto David: and he shall not shrink from it; Of the fruit of thy body: shall I set upon thy seat.
Psalm 132:12  If thy children will keep my covenant, and my testimonies that I shall learn them: their children also shall sit upon thy seat for evermore.
Psalm 132:13  For the Lord hath chosen Sion to be an habitation for himself: he hath longed for her.
Psalm 132:14  This shall be my rest for ever: here will I dwell, for I have a delight therein.
Psalm 132:15  I will bless her victuals with increase: and will satisfy her poor with bread.
Psalm 132:16  I will deck her priests with health: and her saints shall rejoice and sing.
Psalm 132:17  There shall I make the horn of David to flourish: I have ordained a lantern for mine Anointed.
Psalm 132:18  As for his enemies, I shall clothe them with shame: but upon himself shall his crown flourish.
Psalm 133:1  Behold, how good and joyful a thing it is: brethren, to dwell together in unity!
Psalm 133:2  It is like the precious ointment upon the head, that ran down unto the beard: even unto Aaron's beard, and went down to the skirts of his clothing.
Psalm 133:3  Like as the dew of Hermon: which fell upon the hill of Sion. For there the Lord promised his blessing: and life for evermore.
Psalm 134:1  Behold now, praise the Lord: all ye servants of the Lord; Ye that by night stand in the house of the Lord: even in the courts of the house of our God.
Psalm 134:2  Lift up your hands in the sanctuary: and praise the Lord.
Psalm 134:3  The Lord that made heaven and earth: give thee blessing out of Sion.
Psalm 135:1  O praise the Lord, laud ye the Name of the Lord: praise it, O ye servants of the Lord;
Psalm 135:2  Ye that stand in the house of the Lord: in the courts of the house of our God.
Psalm 135:3  O praise the Lord, for the Lord is gracious: O sing praises unto his Name, for it is lovely.
Psalm 135:4  For why? the Lord hath chosen Jacob unto himself: and Israel for his own possession.
Psalm 135:5  For I know that the Lord is great: and that our Lord is above all gods.
Psalm 135:6  Whatsoever the Lord pleased, that did he in heaven and in earth: and in the sea, and in all deep places.
Psalm 135:7  He bringeth forth the clouds from the ends of the world: and sendeth forth lightnings with the rain, bringing the winds out of his treasures.
Psalm 135:8  He smote the first-born of Egypt: both of man and beast.
Psalm 135:9  He hath sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee, O thou land of Egypt: upon Pharaoh, and all his servants.
Psalm 135:10  He smote divers nations: and slew mighty kings;
Psalm 135:11  Sehon king of the Amorites, and Og the king of Basan: and all the kingdoms of Canaan;
Psalm 135:12  And gave their land to be an heritage: even an heritage unto Israel his people.
Psalm 135:13  Thy Name, O Lord, endureth for ever: so doth thy memorial, O Lord, from one generation to another.
Psalm 135:14  For the Lord will avenge his people: and be gracious unto his servants.
Psalm 135:15  As for the images of the heathen, they are but silver and gold: the work of men's hands.
Psalm 135:16  They have mouths, and speak not: eyes have they, but they see not.
Psalm 135:17  They have ears, and yet they hear not: neither is there any breath in their mouths.
Psalm 135:18  They that make them are like unto them: and so are all they that put their trust in them.
Psalm 135:19  Praise the Lord, ye house of Israel; praise the Lord, ye house of Aaron.
Psalm 135:20  Praise the Lord, ye house of Levi: ye that fear the Lord, praise the Lord.
Psalm 135:21  Praised be the Lord out of Sion: who dwelleth at Jerusalem.
Psalm 136:1  O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is gracious: and his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:2  O give thanks unto the God of all gods: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:3  O thank the Lord of all lords: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:4  Who only doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:5  Who by his excellent wisdom made the heavens: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:6  Who laid out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:7  Who hath made great lights: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:8  The sun to rule the day: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:9  The moon and the stars to govern the night: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:10  Who smote Egypt with their first-born: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:11  And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:12  With a mighty hand, and stretched out arm: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:13  Who divided the Red sea in two parts: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:14  And made Israel to go through the midst of it: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:15  But as for Pharaoh and his host, he overthrew them in the Red sea: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:16  Who led his people through the wilderness: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:17  Who smote great kings: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:18  Yea, and slew mighty kings: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:19  Sehon king of the Amorites: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:20  And Og the king of Basan: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:21  And gave away their land for an heritage: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:22  Even for an heritage unto Israel his servant: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:23  Who remembered us when we were in trouble: for his mercy endureth for ever;
Psalm 136:24  And hath delivered us from our enemies: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:25  Who giveth food to all flesh: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:26  O give thanks unto the God of heaven: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 136:27  O give thanks unto the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for ever.
Psalm 137:1  By the waters of Babylon we sat down and wept: when we remembered thee, O Sion.
Psalm 137:2  As for our harps, we hanged them up: upon the trees that are therein.
Psalm 137:3  For they that led us away captive required of us then a song, and melody in our heaviness: Sing us one of the songs of Sion.
Psalm 137:4  How shall we sing the Lord's song: in a strange land?
Psalm 137:5  If I forget thee, O Jerusalem: let my right hand forget her cunning.
Psalm 137:6  If I do not remember thee, let my tongue cleave to the roof of my mouth: yea, if I prefer not Jerusalem in my mirth.
Psalm 137:7  Remember the children of Edom, O Lord, in the day of Jerusalem: how they said, Down with it, down with it, even to the ground.
Psalm 137:8  O daughter of Babylon, wasted with misery: yea, happy shall he be that rewardeth thee, as thou hast served us.
Psalm 137:9  Blessed shall he be that taketh thy children: and throweth them against the stones.
Psalm 138:1  I will give thanks unto thee, O Lord, with my whole heart: even before the gods will I sing praise unto thee.
Psalm 138:2  I will worship toward thy holy temple, and praise thy Name, because of thy loving-kindness and truth: for thou hast magnified thy Name and thy word above all things.
Psalm 138:3  When I called upon thee, thou heardest me: and enduedst my soul with much strength.
Psalm 138:4  All the kings of the earth shall praise thee, O Lord: for they have heard the words of thy mouth.
Psalm 138:5  Yea, they shall sing in the ways of the Lord: that great is the glory of the Lord.
Psalm 138:6  For though the Lord be high, yet hath he respect unto the lowly: as for the proud, he beholdeth them afar off.
Psalm 138:7  Though I walk in the midst of trouble, yet shalt thou refresh me: thou shalt stretch forth thy hand upon the furiousness of mine enemies, and thy right hand shall save me.
Psalm 138:8  The Lord shall make good his loving-kindness toward me: yea, thy mercy, O Lord, endureth for ever; despise not then the works of thine own hands.
Psalm 139:1  Lord, thou hast searched me out and known me:
Psalm 139:2  Thou knowest my down-sitting and mine up-rising, thou understandest my thoughts long before.
Psalm 139:3  Thou art about my path, and about my bed: and spiest out all my ways.
Psalm 139:4  For lo, there is not a word in my tongue: but thou, O Lord, knowest it altogether.
Psalm 139:5  Thou hast fashioned me behind and before: and laid thine hand upon me.
Psalm 139:6  Such knowledge is too wonderful and excellent for me: I cannot attain unto it.
Psalm 139:7  Whither shall I go then from thy Spirit: or whither shall I go then from thy presence?
Psalm 139:8  If I climb up into heaven, thou art there: if I go down to hell, thou art there also.
Psalm 139:9  If I take the wings of the morning: and remain in the uttermost parts of the sea;
Psalm 139:10  Even there also shall thy hand lead me: and thy right hand shall hold me.
Psalm 139:11  If I say, Peradventure the darkness shall cover me: then shall my night be turned to day.
Psalm 139:12  Yea, the darkness is no darkness with thee, but the night is as clear as the day: the darkness and light to thee are both alike.
Psalm 139:13  For my reins are thine: thou hast covered me in my mother's womb.
Psalm 139:14  I will give thanks unto thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works, and that my soul knoweth right well.
Psalm 139:15  My bones are not hid from thee: though I be made secretly, and fashioned beneath in the earth.
Psalm 139:16  Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect: and in thy book were all my members written; Which day by day were fashioned: when as yet there was none of them.
Psalm 139:17  How dear are thy counsels unto me, O God: O how great is the sum of them!
Psalm 139:18  If I tell them, they are more in number than the sand: when I wake up I am present with thee.
Psalm 139:19  Wilt thou not slay the wicked, O God: depart from me, ye blood-thirsty men.
Psalm 139:20  For they speak unrighteously against thee: and thine enemies take thy Name in vain.
Psalm 139:21  Do not I hate them, O Lord, that hate thee: and am not I grieved with those that rise up against thee?
Psalm 139:22  Yea, I hate them right sore: even as though they were mine enemies.
Psalm 139:23  Try me, O God, and seek the ground of my heart: prove me, and examine my thoughts.
Psalm 139:24  Look well if there be any way of wickedness in me: and lead me in the way everlasting.
Psalm 140:1  Deliver me, O Lord, from the evil man: and preserve me from the wicked man.
Psalm 140:2  Who imagine mischief in their hearts: and stir up strife all the day long.
Psalm 140:3  They have sharpened their tongues like a serpent: adders poison is under their lips.
Psalm 140:4  Keep me, O Lord, from the hands of the ungodly; preserve me from the Wicked men, who are purposed to overthrow my goings.
Psalm 140:5  The proud have laid a snare for me, and spread a net abroad with cords: yea, and set traps in my way.
Psalm 140:6  I said unto the Lord, Thou art my God: hear the voice of my prayers, O Lord.
Psalm 140:7  O Lord God, thou strength of my health: thou hast covered my head in the day of battle.
Psalm 140:8  Let not the ungodly have his desire, O Lord: let not his mischievous imagination prosper, lest they be too proud.
Psalm 140:9  Let the mischief of their own lips fall upon the head of them: that compass me about.
Psalm 140:10  Let hot burning coals fall upon them: let them be cast into the fire and into the pit, that they never rise up again.
Psalm 140:11  A man full of words shall not prosper upon the earth: evil shall hunt the wicked person to overthrow him,
Psalm 140:12  Sure I am that the Lord will avenge the poor: and maintain the cause of the helpless.
Psalm 140:13  The righteous also shall give thanks unto thy Name: and the just shall continue in thy sight.
Psalm 141:1  O Lord, I call upon thee, haste thee unto me: and consider my voice when I cry unto thee.
Psalm 141:2  Let my prayer be set forth in thy sight as the incense: and let the lifting up of my hands be an evening sacrifice.
Psalm 141:3  Set a watch, O Lord, before my mouth: and keep the door of my lips.
Psalm 141:4  O let not mine heart be inclined to any evil thing: let me not be occupied in ungodly works with the men that work wickedness, lest I eat of such things as please them.
Psalm 141:5  Let the righteous rather smite me friendly: and reprove me. But let not their precious balms break my head: yea, I will pray yet against their wickedness.
Psalm 141:6  Let their judges be overthrown in stony places: that they may hear my words, for they are sweet.
Psalm 141:7  Our bones lie scattered before the pit: like as when one breaketh and heweth wood upon the earth.
Psalm 141:8  But mine eyes look unto thee, O Lord God: in thee is my trust, O cast not out my soul.
Psalm 141:9  Keep me from the snare that they have laid for me: and from the traps of the wicked doers.
Psalm 141:10  Let the ungodly fall into their own nets together: and let me ever escape them.
Psalm 142:1  I cried unto the Lord with my voice: yea, even unto the Lord did I make my supplication.
Psalm 142:2  I poured out my complaints before him: and shewed him of my trouble.
Psalm 142:3  When my spirit was in heaviness thou knewest my path: in the way wherein I walked have they privily laid a snare for me.
Psalm 142:4  I looked also upon my right hand: and saw there was no man that would know me. I had no place to flee unto: and no man cared for my soul.
Psalm 142:5  I cried unto thee, O Lord, and said: Thou art my hope, and my portion in the land of the living.
Psalm 142:6  Consider my complaint: for I am brought very low. O deliver me from my persecutors: for they are too strong for me.
Psalm 142:7  Bring my soul out of prison, that I may give thanks unto thy Name: which thing if thou wilt grant me, then shall the righteous resort unto my company.
Psalm 143:1  Hear my prayer, O Lord, and consider my desire: hearken unto me for thy truth and righteousness sake.
Psalm 143:2  And enter not into judgement with thy servant: for in thy sight shall no man living be justified.
Psalm 143:3  For the enemy hath persecuted my soul; he hath smitten my life down to the ground: he hath laid me in the darkness, as the men that have been long dead.
Psalm 143:4  Therefore is my spirit vexed within me: and my heart within me is desolate.
Psalm 143:5  Yet do I remember the time past; I muse upon all thy works: yea, I exercise myself in the works of thy hands.
Psalm 143:6  I stretch forth my hands unto thee: my soul gaspeth unto thee as a thirsty land.
Psalm 143:7  Hear me, O Lord, and that soon, for my spirit waxeth faint: hide not thy face from me, lest I be like unto them that go down into the pit.
Psalm 143:8  O let me hear thy loving-kindness betimes in the morning, for in thee is my trust: shew thou me the way that I should walk in, for I lift up my soul unto thee.
Psalm 143:9  Deliver me, O Lord, from mine enemies: for I flee unto thee to hide me.
Psalm 143:10  Teach me to do the thing that pleaseth thee, for thou art my God: let thy loving Spirit lead me forth into the land of righteousness.
Psalm 143:11  Quicken me, O Lord, for thy Name's sake: and for thy righteousness sake bring my soul out of trouble.
Psalm 143:12  And of thy goodness slay mine enemies: and destroy all them that vex my soul; for I am thy servant.
Psalm 144:1  Blessed be the Lord my strength: who teacheth my hands to war, and my fingers to fight;
Psalm 144:2  My hope and my fortress, my castle and deliverer, my defender in whom I trust: who subdueth my people that is under me.
Psalm 144:3  Lord, what is man, that thou hast such respect unto him: or the son of man, that thou so regardest him?
Psalm 144:4  Man is like a thing of nought: his time passeth away like a shadow.
Psalm 144:5  Bow thy heavens, O Lord, and come down: touch the mountains, and they shall smoke.
Psalm 144:6  Cast forth thy lightning, and tear them: shoot out thine arrows, and consume them.
Psalm 144:7  Send down thine hand from above: deliver me, and take me out of the great waters, from the hand of strange children;
Psalm 144:8  Whose mouth talketh of vanity: and their right hand is a right hand of wickedness.
Psalm 144:9  I will sing a new song unto thee, O God: and sing praises unto thee upon a ten-stringed lute.
Psalm 144:10  Thou hast given victory unto kings: and hast delivered David thy servant from the peril of the sword.
Psalm 144:11  Save me, and deliver me from the hand of strange children: whose mouth talketh of vanity, and their right hand is a right hand of iniquity.
Psalm 144:12  That our sons may grow up as the young plants: and that our daughters may be as the polished corners of the temple.
Psalm 144:13  That our garners may be full and plenteous with all manner of store: that our sheep may bring forth thousands and ten thousands in our streets.
Psalm 144:14  That our oxen may be strong to labour, that there be no decay: no leading into captivity, and no complaining in our streets.
Psalm 144:15  Happy are the people that are in such a case: yea, blessed are the people who have the Lord for their God.
Psalm 145:1  I will magnify thee, O God, my King: and I will praise thy Name for ever and ever.
Psalm 145:2  Every day will I give thanks unto thee: and praise thy Name for ever and ever.
Psalm 145:3  Great is the Lord, and marvellous worthy to be praised: there is no end of his greatness.
Psalm 145:4  One generation shall praise thy works unto another: and declare thy power.
Psalm 145:5  As for me, I will be talking of thy worship: thy glory, thy praise, and wondrous works;
Psalm 145:6  So that men shall speak of the might of thy marvellous acts: and I will also tell of thy greatness.
Psalm 145:7  The memorial of thine abundant kindness shall be shewed: and men shall sing of thy righteousness.
Psalm 145:8  The Lord is gracious and merciful: long-suffering and of great goodness.
Psalm 145:9  The Lord is loving unto every man: and his mercy is over all his works.
Psalm 145:10  All thy works praise thee, O Lord: and thy saints give thanks unto thee.
Psalm 145:11  They shew the glory of thy kingdom: and talk of thy power;
Psalm 145:12  That thy power, thy glory, and mightiness of thy kingdom: might be known unto men.
Psalm 145:13  Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom: and thy dominion endureth throughout all ages.
Psalm 145:14  The Lord upholdeth all such as fall: and lifteth up all those that are down.
Psalm 145:15  The eyes of all wait upon thee, O Lord: and thou givest them their meat in due season.
Psalm 145:16  Thou openest thine hand: and fillest all things living with plenteousness.
Psalm 145:17  The Lord is righteous in all his ways: and holy in all his works.
Psalm 145:18  The Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon him: yea, all such as call upon him faithfully.
Psalm 145:19  He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will help them.
Psalm 145:20  The Lord preserveth all them that love him: but scattereth abroad all the ungodly.
Psalm 145:21  My mouth shall speak the praise of the Lord: and let all flesh give thanks unto his holy Name for ever and ever.
Psalm 146:1  Praise the Lord, O my soul;
Psalm 146:2  While I live will I praise the Lord: yea, as long as I have any being, I will sing praises unto my God.
Psalm 146:3  O put not your trust in princes, nor in any child of man: for there is no help in them.
Psalm 146:4  For when the breath of man goeth forth he shall turn again to his earth: and then all his thoughts perish.
Psalm 146:5  Blessed is he that hath the God of Jacob for his help: and whose hope is in the Lord his God;
Psalm 146:6  Who made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that therein is: who keepeth his promise for ever;
Psalm 146:7  Who helpeth them to right that suffer wrong: who feedeth the hungry. The Lord looseth men out of prison:
Psalm 146:8  The Lord giveth sight to the blind. The Lord helpeth them that are fallen: the Lord careth for the righteous.
Psalm 146:9  The Lord careth for the strangers, he defendeth the fatherless and widow: as for the way of the ungodly, he turneth it upside down.
Psalm 146:10  The Lord thy God, O Sion, shall be King for evermore: and throughout all generations.
Psalm 147:1  O praise the Lord, for it is a good thing to sing praises unto our God: yea, a joyful and pleasant thing it is to be thankful.
Psalm 147:2  The Lord doth build up Jerusalem: and gather together the out-casts of Israel.
Psalm 147:3  He healeth those that are broken in heart: and giveth medicine to heal their sickness.
Psalm 147:4  He telleth the number of the stars: and calleth them all by their names.
Psalm 147:5  Great is our Lord, and great is his power: yea, and his wisdom is infinite.
Psalm 147:6  The Lord setteth up the meek: and bringeth the ungodly down to the ground.
Psalm 147:7  O sing unto the Lord with thanksgiving: sing praises upon the harp unto our God;
Psalm 147:8  Who covereth the heaven with clouds, and prepareth rain for the earth: and maketh the grass to grow upon the mountains, and herb for the use of men;
Psalm 147:9  Who giveth fodder unto the cattle: and feedeth the young ravens that call upon him.
Psalm 147:10  He hath no pleasure in the strength of an horse: neither delighteth he in any man's legs.
Psalm 147:11  But the Lord's delight is in them that fear him: and put their trust in his mercy.
Psalm 147:12  Praise the Lord, O Jerusalem: praise thy God, O Sion.
Psalm 147:13  For he hath made fast the bars of thy gates: and hath blessed thy children within thee.
Psalm 147:14  He maketh peace in thy borders: and filleth thee with the flour of wheat.
Psalm 147:15  He sendeth forth his commandment upon earth: and his word runneth very swiftly.
Psalm 147:16  He giveth snow like wool: and scattereth the hoar-frost like ashes.
Psalm 147:17  He casteth forth his ice like morsels: who is able to abide his frost?
Psalm 147:18  He sendeth out his word, and melteth them: he bloweth with his wind, and the waters flow.
Psalm 147:19  He sheweth his word unto Jacob: his statutes and ordinances unto Israel.
Psalm 147:20  He hath not dealt so with any nation: neither have the heathen knowledge of his laws.
Psalm 148:1  O praise the Lord of heaven: praise him in the height.
Psalm 148:2  Praise him, all ye angels of his: praise him, all his host.
Psalm 148:3  Praise him, sun and moon: praise him, all ye stars and light.
Psalm 148:4  Praise him, all ye heavens: and ye waters that are above the heavens.
Psalm 148:5  Let them praise the Name of the Lord: for he spake the word, and they were made; he commanded, and they were created.
Psalm 148:6  He hath made them fast for ever and ever: he hath given them a law which shall not be broken.
Psalm 148:7  Praise the Lord upon earth: ye dragons, and all deeps;
Psalm 148:8  Fire and hail, snow and vapours: wind and storm, fulfilling his word;
Psalm 148:9  Mountains and all hills: fruitful trees and all cedars;
Psalm 148:10  Beasts and all cattle: worms and feathered fowls;
Psalm 148:11  Kings of the earth and all people: princes and all judges of the world;
Psalm 148:12  Young men and maidens, old men and children,
Psalm 148:13  Praise the Name of the Lord: for his Name only is excellent, and his praise above heaven and earth.
Psalm 148:14  He shall exalt the horn of his people; all his saints shall praise him: even the children of Israel, even the people that serveth him.
Psalm 149:1  O sing unto the Lord a new song: let the congregation of saints praise him.
Psalm 149:2  Let Israel rejoice in him that made him: and let the children of Sion be joyful in their King.
Psalm 149:3  Let them praise his Name in the dance: let them sing praises unto him with tabret and harp.
Psalm 149:4  For the Lord hath pleasure in his people: and helpeth the meek-hearted.
Psalm 149:5  Let the saints be joyful with glory: let them rejoice in their beds.
Psalm 149:6  Let the praises of God be in their mouth: and a two-edged sword in their hands;
Psalm 149:7  To be avenged of the heathen: and to rebuke the people;
Psalm 149:8  To bind their kings in chains: and their nobles with links of iron.
Psalm 149:9  That they may be avenged of them, as it is written: Such honour have all his saints.
Psalm 150:1  O praise God in his holiness: praise him in the firmament of his power.
Psalm 150:2  Praise him in his noble acts: praise him according to his excellent greatness.
Psalm 150:3  Praise him in the sound of the trumpet: praise him upon the lute and harp.
Psalm 150:4  Praise him in the cymbals and dances: praise him upon the strings and pipe.
Psalm 150:5  Praise him upon the well-tuned cymbals: praise him upon the loud cymbals.
Psalm 150:6  Let every thing that hath breath: praise the Lord.