Psalm 151:0  This psalm is written by David in his own hand (although it is outside the number), after he had fought one-on-one with Goliath. 
Psalm 151:1  Smallest among my brothers, and the youngest in my father's house; I shepherded my father's sheep. 
Psalm 151:2  My hands made a harp; my fingers fashioned a lyre. 
Psalm 151:3  And who will report to my Lord? The Lord himself, he hears. 
Psalm 151:4  He sent his messenger [to me], took me from my father's sheep, and anointed me with olive oil. 
Psalm 151:5  My brothers were handsome and great [indeed], but with them the Lord was not pleased. 
Psalm 151:6  I came out to meet the foreigner, and he cursed me by his idols. 
Psalm 151:7  But I drew his own sword, beheaded him, and took away disgrace from Israel's sons. 
Manasseh 1:1  Lord Almighty, the God of our fathers: of Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and of their righteous seed; 
Manasseh 1:2  Who made heaven and the earth, and all the universe within; 
Manasseh 1:3  Who bound the sea by the word of your command, who closed the abyss and sealed it by your terrible and glorious name. 
Manasseh 1:4  Who all things shudder and tremble before, because of your power; 
Manasseh 1:5  For your majesty and glory is unbearable, and the anger of your threat towards sinners is unendurable; 
Manasseh 1:6  Both immeasurable and unsearchable is the mercy of your promise; 
Manasseh 1:7  For you are the Lord Most High, tender-hearted, longsuffering, abounding in mercy, and you repent at the time of man's trouble. 
Manasseh 1:8  Therefore you, Lord, the God of the righteous, has not made repentance for the righteous, for Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob did not sin against you, but you made repentance for me, a sinner. 
Manasseh 1:9  Therefore my sins number more than the sand of the sea, my transgressions are multiplied, Lord, [they] are multiplied, and I am not worthy to look upon and see the height of heaven, because of the multitude of my iniquities. 
Manasseh 1:10  I am bowed down by many iron chains, I am rejected because of my sins, and I can find no rest; Therefore I have kindled your anger, I have done evil before you, setting up abominations and abominable things. 
Manasseh 1:11  And now I bend the knee of my heart, to pray to you for your kindness, 
Manasseh 1:12  I have sinned, Lord, I have sinned, and I acknowledge my transgressions. 
Manasseh 1:13  I ask you in prayer, forgive me, Lord, forgive me, do not destroy me for my transgressions, neither stay angry with me forever, storing up evil for me, and do not condemn me to the depths of the earth. For you are, Lord, the God of those who repent; 
Manasseh 1:14  And to me you will show your goodness. For [though I am] unworthy, [you will] save me according to your abounding mercy. 
Manasseh 1:15  And I will praise you for all of the days of my life. For all of the host of heaven sing your praise, and yours is the glory forever. Amen. 
Laodiceans 1:1  Paul, an apostle—not from men nor through man, but through Jesus Christ, to the brothers who are in Laodicea. 
Laodiceans 1:2  Grace to you and peace from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ. 
Laodiceans 1:3  I give thanks to Christ in all my prayers, that you are continuing in him and persevering in his works, eagerly awaiting the promise of salvation in the day of judgment. 
Laodiceans 1:4  Neither do the vain discussions of certain men deceive you, with their aim to turn you away from the truth of the gospel which is preached by me. 
Laodiceans 1:5  So now God will work in those who are [imitators] of me to advance the truth of the gospel, ［…］ worshipping and practicing generosity—works [of salvation] ［and］ of eternal life. 
Laodiceans 1:6  And now my imprisonment is widely known, which I suffer in Christ, in which I rejoice and am glad. 
Laodiceans 1:7  And this is for my eternal salvation, which will occur through your prayers, and the help of the Holy Spirit, whether by life or by death. 
Laodiceans 1:8  For to me, to live is Christ, and to die is joy. 
Laodiceans 1:9  And so he will work in you according to his mercy, that you may have the same love, and be in full accord. 
Laodiceans 1:10  Therefore beloved, as you have obeyed in my presence, so work, remembering the fear of God, and it will be to you eternal life, 
Laodiceans 1:11  for it is God who works in you. 
Laodiceans 1:12  And do without grumbling, whatever you do. 
Laodiceans 1:13  And finally, beloved, rejoice in Christ. Look out for those [who are] greedy for dishonest gain. 
Laodiceans 1:14  Let all your requests be made known to God, and be steadfast in the mind of Christ. 
Laodiceans 1:15  Whatever is sound, and true, and honourable, and just, and lovely, practice these things. 
Laodiceans 1:16  And what you have heard and received, hold in your heart, and peace will be with you. 
Laodiceans 1:17  ［Greet the brothers.］ 
Laodiceans 1:18  The saints greet you. 
Laodiceans 1:19  The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. 
Laodiceans 1:20  And have this [letter] read to the Colossians, and that of the Colossians to you. 
